{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang9\f0\fs22 DIAL 211 FOR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE\par
211Arizona.org\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs32 Homelessness Resources:\par
\fs22\par
\b Child Crisis Arizona:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://childcrisisaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://childcrisisaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  817 N Country Club Dr. Mesa, AZ 85201\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.valleymetro.org/reduced-fare-program"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.valleymetro.org/reduced-fare-program}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Arizona Housing Coalition:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://azhousingcoalition.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://azhousingcoalition.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b DES Homeless Coordination:\b0  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://des.az.gov/services/basic-needs/homeless-coordination-office?fbclid=IwAR1rZkmkBmGDdkCw-R9bPyTMRTz4ZOgFtz7SIfHLP4jUIcHybgGy3qHho60"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://des.az.gov/services/basic-needs/homeless-coordination-office?fbclid=IwAR1rZkmkBmGDdkCw-R9bPyTMRTz4ZOgFtz7SIfHLP4jUIcHybgGy3qHho60}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Maricopa Mercy Resources:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mercymaricopa.org/assets/pdf/members/directories-guides/2016-Member-Resources/MMICCommunityResourceGuide508.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.mercymaricopa.org/assets/pdf/members/directories-guides/2016-Member-Resources/MMICCommunityResourceGuide508.pdf}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Phoenix Rental Assistance:\b0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.needhelppayingbills.com/html/phoenix_rental_assistance.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.needhelppayingbills.com/html/phoenix_rental_assistance.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b City of Phoenix Public Trans Dept:\b0  602-262-4507 (reduced fair)\par
\b Arizona Department of Economic Security \b0 (AZDES): \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://des.az.gov/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://des.az.gov/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Arizona Division of Developmental Disabilities \b0 (DDD): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://des.az.gov/services/disabilities/developmental-disabilities"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://des.az.gov/services/disabilities/developmental-disabilities}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Arizona Eviction Prevention Emergency Homeless Housing: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://housing.az.gov/sites/default/files/documents/files/EPEH%2520list%2520effective%2520July%25202008%2520thru%2520June%25202010%5B1%5D.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://housing.az.gov/sites/default/files/documents/files/EPEH%2520list%2520effective%2520July%25202008%2520thru%2520June%25202010%5B1%5D.pdf}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Phoenix and Maricopa County Human Services Department Community Services Commission: \b0 9555 W Van Buren St, Tolleson, AZ 85353, 602-506-5911\par
\b Central Phoenix Family Services:\b0  602-534-1250\par
\b Suicide Prevention: \b0 480-784-1500 (statewide)\par
\b Mercy Care AZ: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mercycareaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.mercycareaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Mercy Maricopa Integrated Care \b0 (MMIC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mercymaricopa.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.mercymaricopa.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Action Recovery & Aftercare LLC\b0  (ARA): 623-332-0611\par
\b Metro Phoenix Crisis:\b0  602-244-0089, 602-889-1610 (TDD), \par
\b Out of Town Crisis:\b0  888-886-8793, 888-886-8794 (TDD)\par
\b\par
Family Housing Hub \b0 (FHH): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.umom.org/find-help/family-housing-hub/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.umom.org/find-help/family-housing-hub/}}}\f0\fs22  3307 E. Van Buren Street #108 Phoenix, AZ 85008, 602-595-8700\par
Services: screens for emergency shelter at UMOM, Watkins, CASS-Vista Colina, and Salvation Army family shelters. Families will be screened for shelter and placed on the service priority list for shelter services. When shelter is available, you will be contacted for intake, makes appropriate referrals case-by-case.\par
\i Family Housing Hub Listings:\i0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tempe.gov/city-hall/human-services/housing-services/ending-homelessness/homeless-resources/-alpha-F"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.tempe.gov/city-hall/human-services/housing-services/ending-homelessness/homeless-resources/-alpha-F}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
SOCIALSERVE.COM\b0 : Non-Profit Industries "SocialWorks" (NPI): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.socialserve.com/tenant/Definitions.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.socialserve.com/tenant/Definitions.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\i The online housing locator lets you search as well as toggle w/ subsidy and special needs parameters, a part of NPI's supportive services program for transitional, affordable housing w/ special internal growth programs - 30% of staff are from the programs.\i0\par
\ul Services:\ulnone  online housing locator, disaster relocation, special needs housing location (senior, disability and HUD housing vouchers), HUD Certified foreclosure prevention counseling, referals, domestic violence prevention, skills counseling\par
\b\par
Maricopa Recovery Crisis Network: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.crisisnetwork.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.crisisnetwork.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1275 W. Washington Street, Suite 108, Tempe, AZ 85281\par
\i Crisis Recovery Connectors offer a free, confidential call to help connect to available services for children and adults in Arizona. CRN is a 24-hour peer-run Warm Line w/ for issues such as Serious Mental Illness (SMI) determinations, mobile team dispatches, crisis transportation services (arranging a ride to safety), ER-based assessments, Department of Child Services (DCS) rapid response and crisis stabilization services, telephone follow-up, tragedy support lines and other in-kind services, and face-to-face crisis intervention for extreme situations in the Arizona.\i0\par
Central Arizona Crisis Line: 800-631-1314\par
Central Arizona Crisis Line: (Local) 602-222-9444\par
Central Arizona Crisis Line: (TTY) 800-327-9254\par
Central Arizona Crisis Line: (Local TTY) 602-274-3360 \par
Central Arizona Warm Line: 602-347-1100\par
Administrative Office: 602-427-4600\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.crisisnetwork.org/smi/community/#what-is-smi-determination"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.crisisnetwork.org/smi/community/#what-is-smi-determination}}}\f0\fs22\par
SMI Determination: 602-845-3594 or 855-832-2866\par
Northern Arizona Crisis Line: 877-756-4090\par
SMI Determination: 855 832-2866\par
TTY/TDD: 711\par
\b\par
St. Joseph's the Worker \b0 (HSC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sjwjobs.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.sjwjobs.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1125 W. Jackson St. Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-417-9854\par
\i Help to prepare a resume or job application, mock interviews, personal presentation and communication tips, how to effectively explain a criminal history or large gap in employment, and building confidence.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sjwjobs.org/services/need-employment/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.sjwjobs.org/services/need-employment/}}}\f0\fs22  \i0\par
Services: address and phone number for messages, internet access to job search and submit applications, clothing that is clean, neat and professional, basic hygiene items, and daily bus passes to ensure transportation to and from interviews. Reduced monthly bus passes to ensure transportation, financial assistance to pay for work uniforms or shoes, help securing certification or license fees, job opportunity assistance.\par
Contacts: \par
\i East Valley\i0  - Daren Strunk, dstrunk@sjwjobs.org, 602-810-0376\par
\i HonorHealth Desert Mission\i0  - 9229 N. 4th Street, Phoenix, 85020, Denise Burns, dburns@sjwjobs.org, 602-292-4294\par
\i Tailor Made for Success Men\rquote s Boutique\i0  - 1016 E. Buckeye Road, Suite 150, Phoenix, 85034, Katie Thorson, kthorson@sjwjobs.org, 602-253-4960\par
\i UMOM / Employment HUB \i0  - 3307 E. Van Buren Street, Room #111, Phoenix, 85008, Elliott Bartell, ebartell@sjwjobs.org, 602-828-4085\par
\i Maryvale Community Success Center - \i0 6850 W. Indian School Road, Phoenix, 85033\par
Alexandria Flores, aflores@sjwjobs.org, 602-316-3501\par
\i Mobile Unit\i0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://teamup.com/ks0d7c19882762f4c9/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://teamup.com/ks0d7c19882762f4c9/}}}\f0\fs32\par
\fs22 Rapid Response Team: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zeemaps.com/map?group=1796998&location=Phoenix+AZ&fbclid=IwAR3OPPiBlxom3sRyduAyXUtQNqxA4uFL4ikZfn6r6C1oRZAdIeH85cCBQwE"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.zeemaps.com/map?group=1796998&location=Phoenix+AZ&fbclid=IwAR3OPPiBlxom3sRyduAyXUtQNqxA4uFL4ikZfn6r6C1oRZAdIeH85cCBQwE}}}\f0\fs32\par
\fs22\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sjwjobs.org/get-involved/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.sjwjobs.org/get-involved/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs32\par
\fs22\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Meals and Food Banks:\par
\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.foodpantries.org/ci/az-phoenix"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.foodpantries.org/ci/az-phoenix}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.azfoodbanks.org/index.php/foodbank/index/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.azfoodbanks.org/index.php/foodbank/index/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.feedingamerica.org/find-your-local-foodbank"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.feedingamerica.org/find-your-local-foodbank}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1Ofwm8cTB8VJX7fiBU9evGFOxRtMu6aXP&ll=33.593691165993185%2C-111.87966057502331&z=10"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1Ofwm8cTB8VJX7fiBU9evGFOxRtMu6aXP&ll=33.593691165993185%2C-111.87966057502331&z=10}}}\f0\fs22  (St. Vincent de Paul Food Pantry Finder)\par
\par
\par
\b Agua Fria Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://affcb.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://affcb.org/}}}\f0\fs22  405 E Harrison Dr. Avondale, AZ, 85323, 623-932-9135\par
Services: clothing, homeless kits and shower facility, and school uniforms.\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone : Monday through Friday 8:00AM to 12:00PM\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://affcb.org/give-back"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://affcb.org/give-back}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Andre House:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andrehouse.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://andrehouse.org/}}}\f0\fs22  213 S. 11th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-255-0580\par
Services: clothing closet, drop-off laundry, private showers and toiletries, phone access, blanket and sleeping bag giveaway, simple pain medication, rentable lockers ($10 deposit, $4 month), portering, faith-based ministry.\par
\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone : Saturday through Thursday 5:30PM to 6:30PM (CLOSED FRIDAY)\par
Legal Consultation: lawyers are on-campus to meet with guests on the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month from 10:00AM to 12:00PM (noon).\par
\par
Blanket and Sleeping Bag Distribution: Blankets - Monday through Thursday during normal office hours or after 4:30PM @ \b 1203 W. Polk Street. Phoenix, AZ 85007\b0 ; after 4:30pm on Fridays at Polk; all day Saturday & Sunday at Polk. Sleeping bags - seasonal.\par
\par
Intake: adults male and female (children and families are directed to UMOM)\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andrehouse.org/volunteer-information/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://andrehouse.org/volunteer-information/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Apache Junction Food Bank: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ajfoodbank.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.ajfoodbank.org/}}}\f0\fs22  575 N Idaho Rd #701, 480-983-2995\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone : Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 2:00PM to 4:00PM\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ajfoodbank.org/volunteer.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.ajfoodbank.org/volunteer.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b AZCEND Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://azcend.org/food-bank/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://azcend.org/food-bank/}}}\f0\fs22  345 S. California St. Chandler, AZ 85225, 480-963-1423\par
Food Bank Hours:  Monday 12:00PM to 3:00PM, Tuesday 3:00PM to 6:00PM, Wednesday and Thursday 9:00AM to 12:00PM\par
Supplemental Food Boxes containing fresh perishable food are distributed every Friday from 9:00 am while food supplies last. Food tickets are distributed beginning at 7:30 AM.\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://azcend.org/volunteer-2/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://azcend.org/volunteer-2/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\par
Big Hearts, Bright Stars: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bigheartsbrightstarts.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.bigheartsbrightstarts.com}}}\f0\fs22  45295 West Alamendras Street Maricopa, AZ 85139, 480-332-5554, Contact: Sarah Attridge (website down).\par
Services: temporary emergency assistance to families: diapers, wipes, formula and food boxes.\par
MAY BE UNAVAILABLE\par
\par
\b\par
Borderland Food Bank: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/}}}\f0\fs22  180 E Produce Terminal Dr. Nogales, AZ 85621, 520-287-2627\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nogalesfoodbank.org/POWWOW.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.nogalesfoodbank.org/POWWOW.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
Food Bank: Tuesday to Friday 9:00AM to 1:00PM. Call ahead. Call for Produce on Wheels.\par
Schedule: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/category/powwow/monthlyweekly-schedule/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/category/powwow/monthlyweekly-schedule/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
PowWow (Borderlands Produce Rescue, Produce on Wheels Without Waste): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/produce-on-wheels/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/produce-on-wheels/}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 270 W Produce Row, Nogales, AZ 85621, 520-287-2627\par
Each week (during the harvest season (November - August) they truck veggies and fruit to distribution locations in both Tucson and Phoenix. \i Very cheap, good quality produce.\par
\i0 Visit a P.O.W.W.O.W. distribution location of your choice and register at the registrar\rquote s table. Let the person know you are new and would like to complete a P.O.W.W.O.W. ID card. The ID card may be used at any location of your choice. If you have a smart phone with a camera take a picture of the ID card in case you misplace it. If you are unable to take a picture and you misplaced the ID card at a future date tell the registrar so that he/she may take down your name, do not re-register.\b\par
\par
\b0 Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/get-involved/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.borderlandsproducerescue.org/get-involved/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
CASS Food Pantry: \b0 230 S. 12th Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85007 602-256-6945 (call ahead).\par
\par
\par
\b Community Food Bank (Tucson):\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.communityfoodbank.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.communityfoodbank.org/}}}\f0\fs22  3003 S. Country Club Rd.\par
Tucson, AZ 85713, 520-622-0525\par
\i The main branch of the Community Food Bank, the Punch Woods Multi-Service Center in Tucson, location houses the main warehouse, food pantry, Nuestra Tierra Learning Garden, the Gabrielle Giffords Family Assistance Center, and CFB offices. \i0\par
Services: emergency and senior food boxes, Tuesday through Friday 9:00AM to 4:30PM, Saturday 9:00AM to 1:30PM, Closed Sunday and Monday.\par
Community Food Bank (of Southern Arizona): \par
Locations: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.communityfoodbank.org/Locations"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.communityfoodbank.org/Locations}}}\f0\fs22  (Amado, Green Valley, Marana, Nogales)\par
\b\par
\b0 Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.communityfoodbank.org/Volunteer-Opportunities"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.communityfoodbank.org/Volunteer-Opportunities}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Cultural Cup Food Bank (St. Mary's): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.culturalcup.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.culturalcup.com}}}\b0\f0\fs22  342 East Thomas Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85012, Sabiha Keskin - 602-266-8370\par
\par
\i Walk-ins welcome, no appointment necessary. Operated by compassionate Muslims. Must provide ID and one mail document showing valid address.\i0\par
\par
Services: food, medical clinic, clothing, usually for women and children. Emergency Food Boxes, hygene kits, baby items, baby boxes, household items, adult items. OFFERS SNAP & AHCCCS APPLICATION PROGRAM ASSISTANCE. \par
\ul\par
Food Bank\ulnone : Monday through Thursday 9:00AM to 2:00PM \par
\ul Lunch Bags\ulnone : Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday (noon)\par
Clinic: Saturday 10:00AM to 2:00PM\par
*EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER\par
\par
\par
\b Desert Mission Food Bank (Honor Health):\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.desertmission.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.desertmission.com}}}\f0\fs22  9229 N. 4th St. Phoenix, AZ, 85020, 602-870-6062\par
Services: emergency food box, senior food box, infant emergency food-box, bargain-basket (accepts SNAP/EBT), seasonal classes, snack-pack program (weekly bags to kids @ school).\par
\par
Food Bank: Monday, Tuesday and Thursday 8:30AM to 4:00PM, Wednesday 8:30AM to 5:30PM, Friday 8:30AM to 2:30PM\par
\ul Volunteer\ulnone : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.desertmission.com/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.desertmission.com/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Eagle Pathway:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.eaglepathway.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.eaglepathway.org}}}\f0\fs22 , 1720 E 8th Ave #1 Mesa, AZ  85204, eaglepathwayaz@gmail.com, 480-225-6664, contact: Angelese Elaine Calderon\par
\par
Services: free one-time crisis food box, 10:00AM to 2:00PM Monday through Friday, appointment suggested. \par
\i To receive a box a second time individuals must bring ID, proof of residence, and income. A notice to provider is required to receive items  for foster children.\i0\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.eaglepathway.org/support-us"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.eaglepathway.org/support-us}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b El Mirage Dining Room \b0 (St. Vincent de Paul):\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/el-mirage-dining-room"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/el-mirage-dining-room}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 14013 N. Verbena St. El Mirage, AZ 85335\par
\ul Kitchen:\ulnone  Lunch every day 10:00PM to 11:30PM\par
\par
\par
\b Family Dining Room \b0 (St. Vincent de Paul):\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/family-dining-room"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/family-dining-room}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 420 W. Watkins Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85003\par
Kitchen: Dinner every day 4:45PM to 6:00PM\b\par
\par
\par
Food Not Bombs:\b0   {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.foodnotbombs.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.foodnotbombs.net}}}\f0\fs22  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.facebook.com/tempeFNB/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.facebook.com/tempeFNB/}}}\f0\fs22\par
International, anarchist collective to replace aggression with peace and serve the needy.\par
Serves food every Sunday @ Tempe Beach Park at 4:00PM\b\par
\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_Not_Bombs"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_Not_Bombs}}}\f0\fs22  (informative)\b\par
\par
\par
Foothill Food Bank and Resource Center (Cave Creek):\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.foothillsfoodbank.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.foothillsfoodbank.com/}}}\f0\fs22  6038 E. Hidden Valley Dr. Cave Creek, AZ 85331, 480\_488\_1145\par
Services: food for once a week, once a month (30 lbs. of food per person in household for 3 days, $64 value), gluten-free, household and personal items, \ul UTILITY ASSIST \ulnone through Maricopa County agent, SNAP (food stamps).\par
\ul Food Bank\ulnone : Monday through Friday 9:00AM to 3:00PM and Tuesday and Thursday 5:30PM to 8:00PM\par
\i Discount food available through Care Club: 3rd Thursday of every month.\par
\i0\par
*EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER, FREE SPAY/NEUTER/SHOTS (specific days)\par
\b\par
Foothill Food Bank (Black Canyon City): \b0 34550 South Old Black Canyon Hwy. Black Canyon City, AZ 85324, 623-374-9441\par
Food Bank: Tuesday and Thursday 9:00AM to 3:00PM\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.foothillsfoodbank.com/volunteering/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.foothillsfoodbank.com/volunteering/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Genesis Project \b0 (Apache Junction): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/}}}\f0\fs22  564 N Idaho Rd Suite 5 Apache Junction, AZ 85120, 480-225-7757\par
\i The Genesis Project is a faith-based 501c3 organization seeking to feed, clothe and rehabilitate the homeless of northern Pinal County.\par
\i0 Services: hot meals, outreach, clothing bank, \ul nurse Judi on Mondays 12:00PM to 2:00PM\par
Kitchen\ulnone : Monday through Friday 12:00PM  to 2:00PM\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Good Dog Food Bank \b0 (free dog food): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thegooddogfoodbank.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.thegooddogfoodbank.com}}}\f0\fs22  Axcelis Technologies, 2227 W. Pecos Rd, Building B Suite 2, Chandler 85224, thegooddogfoodbank@gmail.com, 602-531-9903\par
Services: Monday through Friday 8:00AM through 5:00PM\par
\i Cannot add more pets to your home while accepting donations. Do not sale, barter, or trade your donations. You must agree to vaccinate your pet and neuter/spay, at reduced cost or w/ financial assistance.ons.\par
\i0 *EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER\i\par
\i0 Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thegooddogfoodbank.com/how-can-i-help.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.thegooddogfoodbank.com/how-can-i-help.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Highways and Hedges Ministries \b0 (Bikers): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.highwaysandhedgesministry.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.highwaysandhedgesministry.com/}}}\f0\fs22  2515 E. Thomas Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85016, 602\_212\_0850\par
\i Provides emergency food boxes, referrals and general/crisis Christian\_based counseling for individuals and families.\i0\par
Services: Monday through Friday 9:30AM to 5:00PM\par
\par
\par
\b Hope for Hunger\b0  (Phoenix Rescue Mission): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://phoenixrescuemission.org/hope-for-hunger/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://phoenixrescuemission.org/hope-for-hunger/}}}\f0\fs22  5605 N 55th Ave, Glendale, AZ 85301, 602-773-4344\par
\i Food bank and outreach of the Phoenix Rescue Mission that provides healthy food and staples once a month, and life resources.\i0\par
Food Bank: Monday through Thursday 7:00AM to 12:00PM (noon).\par
\par
\par
\b Hope4Phoenix - Thankful Sunday Meals\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/HOPE-4-Phoenix-Thankful-Sundays-439992642807500/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/HOPE-4-Phoenix-Thankful-Sundays-439992642807500/}}}\f0\fs22 . 1407 N 2nd St, Phoenix, AZ 85004, key contact: Diane Simonain 602-672-5636 \par
\ul Kitchen:\ulnone  Sunday Dinner 4:00PM @ First Church UCC of Phoenix. Tuesday Evenings (?)\par
Services: Haircuts, clothing, and medical services.\par
\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\b Human Services Campus Dining Room \b0 (St. Vincent de Paul): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/human-services-campus-dining-room"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/human-services-campus-dining-room}}}\f0\fs22  1075 W. Jackson St., Phoenix, AZ 80007, 602-329-5731\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\ul Kitchen\ulnone :\b  \b0 Breakfast daily 7:00AM to 8:00AM (no weekends), lunch daily 11:00AM to 12:45PM\b\par
\par
\par
ICM Food and Clothing Bank \b0 (St. Mary's): \b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://icmaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://icmaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 501 S 9th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://icmaz.org/contact/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://icmaz.org/contact/}}}\f0\fs22 , 602\_254\_7450\par
\ul\par
Food Bank:\ulnone  Monday through Saturday 9:00AM to 11:00AM\par
Services: food boxes (twice a month), family clothing and shoes (once a month), toiletries, SNAP and AHCCCS sign-up, baby items, household items, back-to-school supplies, referrals, senior food boxes (once a month), kid's cafe. All services are on a first-come, first-serve basis. Must have ID and proof of address.\par
Juntos Por La Salud: 2 medical screenings a month - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/unidadmovilphoenix/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/unidadmovilphoenix/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Native Health: children\rquote s oral health screenings - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativehealthphoenix.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativehealthphoenix.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
University of Arizona SNAP-Ed: nutrition education - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nutritioneval.arizona.edu/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://nutritioneval.arizona.edu/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://icmaz.org/volunteer-2/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://icmaz.org/volunteer-2/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Joshua Tree Food Assistance Program: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jtfp.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.jtfp.org/}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 214 E Willetta St, Phoenix, AZ 85004, foodboxorders@jtfp.org, 602-264-0223\par
\par
\i Provides nourishment to low-income HIV+ residents of Maricopa County. Gives balanced meals as well as medical and community resources to encourage self-sustainability.\b\i0\par
\b0\par
Intake: 602-264-0223 or email to foodboxorders@jtfp.org, must register by 5PM on the Sunday prior to the distribution day \par
\ul\par
Food Bank:\ulnone  Wednesday 9:30AM to 11:45AM (intake). Distribution from 10:00AM to 12:00PM\par
MUST PRINT AND RETURN CLIENT CONTRACT: sign and return pages 19 and 23.\par
Must provide: proof of residency, proof of income, proof of HIV status\b\par
Pet Assistance Program:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jtfp.org/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.jtfp.org/about/}}}\f0\fs22  623-295-9952\par
Assists pet owners facing financial challenges as a result of HIV/AIDS, cancer, or other medical conditions. Distributes pet food, provide information for low-cost animal services, and community outreach for animal awareness.\par
*EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER\par
\b\par
\par
Justa Center:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.justacenter.org/our-services"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.justacenter.org/our-services}}}\f0\fs22  1001 W Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85007info@justacenter.org, 602-254-6524\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone : Saturday Lunch served @ noon (courtesy of Alexi Devillars and friends)\par
\i Daily, mid-morning meal for program \ul Seniors 55+.\par
\par
\par
\ulnone\b\i0 Kingman Area Food Bank:\b0  2930 E Butler Ave, Kingman, AZ, 86409, 928-757-4165 (call ahead)\par
Food Bank: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 8:00AM to 1:00PM \par
\par
\par
\b Marana Community Food Bank:\b0  11734 W Grier Rd, Marana, AZ 85653, 520-682-3001\par
\par
\par
\b Matthew's Crossing Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.matthewscrossing.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.matthewscrossing.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1368 N. Arizona Ave. Unit 112, Chandler, AZ 85225, info@matthewscrossing.org, 480-857-2296\ul\i\par
\ulnone\i0 Food Bank: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 9:00AM to 12:00PM, Wed 4:00PM to 6:00PM\ul\i\par
\par
\ulnone\b\i0\par
Mesa Dining Room \b0 (St. Vincent de Paul): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/mesa-dining-room67"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/mesa-dining-room67}}}\f0\fs22  W Broadway Rd. Mesa, AZ, 85210, 480-649-0081\par
Services: food boxes, thrift store gift cards, utility bill and rent assistanc\par
Food Bank: \par
\b Kitchen: \b0 (Wayne Unruh Dining Room): Every day 9:30AM  to 11:30AM\par
\par
\ul\i\par
\ulnone\b\i0 Mom's Pantry Phoenix:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.momspantryphoenix.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.momspantryphoenix.org/}}}\f0\fs22  13440 N. Cave Creek\par
Phoenix, AZ, 85022, 602-992-0083\par
Food Bank: Saturdays 10:00AM to 2:00PM (food once a week, four week cycle)\par
Emergency: 602-992-0083\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.momspantryphoenix.org/give-help/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.momspantryphoenix.org/give-help/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\par
Paradise Valley Emergency Food Bank:\b0  10862 N. 32nd St. Phoenix, AZ 85028, 602\_867\_9228\par
Accepts same-day appointments. Must live in Paradise Valley Unified School District.\par
\par
\b\par
Paz de Cristo:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pazdecristo.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.pazdecristo.org}}}\f0\fs22  424 W. Broadway in Mesa, AZ, 480-464-2370, contact:\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/pdcaz/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/pdcaz/?fref=ts}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Services: Hot food every night of the year, mail service from 3:00PM to 6:00PM,  bus passes for Dr. appt and employment, financial help for prescriptions\par
\ul\par
Kitchen\ulnone : Dinner from 5:30PM to 6:45PM every night.\par
Weekly:\par
*Clothing Handed out: Tuesdays at 3:00PM\par
*Jobs Program: Tuesday and Thursday from 10:00AM to 6:00PM\par
*Showers Provided: Wednesdays from 10:00AM to 2:00PM\par
*Blankets Handed Out: Wednesdays from 4:30PM to 6:00PM\par
Monthly:\par
*1st Tuesday: Food Box Distribution\par
*2nd Tuesday: Food Box Distribution\par
*4th Friday: Hygiene kits distributed 5:00PM to 6:00PM\par
*4th Saturday:  Food Box Distribution\b\par
\b0\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pazdecristo.org/get-involved/volunteer-calender/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://pazdecristo.org/get-involved/volunteer-calender/}}}\f0\fs22  \par
Contact: priscillaf@pazdecristo.org, 480-464-2370, ext. 200 \b\par
\par
\par
Phoenix Rescue Mission \b0 (Community Solutions Center):\b  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.phoenixrescuemission.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.phoenixrescuemission.org}}}\b0\f0\fs22  1801 S. 35th Ave, Phoenix, AZ, obarajas@phoenixrescuemission.org, 602-233-3000\par
The Phoenix Rescue Mission provides meals to men, women, and children who are first time guests, or enrolled in our Mission Sharing Program. Dining hall is located @ the Community Solutions Center. \par
Services: mobile outreach, addiction recovery for men and women, and the Hope for Hunger food bank.\par
\ul\par
Kitchen\ulnone : Monday through Friday - Breakfast 6:30AM to 8:00AM, Lunch 11:30AM to 1:00PM, Dinner 4:30 PM to 6:00PM, Saturday and Sunday - Breakfast 8:00AM to 9:00AM, Lunch 1:00AM to 2:00PM, Dinner Sack Meals 4:30PM to 6:00PM\par
Worship: 7:00PM\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://phoenixrescuemission.org/you-can-help/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://phoenixrescuemission.org/you-can-help/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\par
Prescott Community Cupboard \b0 (Catholic Charities):\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://prescottcommunitycupboard.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://prescottcommunitycupboard.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
(928) 778-4622\par
\i Offers a food bag, and emergency food bag\i0\par
Services: Catholic Charities Community Services, 434 W. Gurley St. Prescott, AZ 86301\par
Food Bank: Community Cupboard Food Bank, 313 W. Goodwin St. Prescott, AZ 86303\par
\par
If you need emergency food for you or your family please contact Catholic Charities at 778-2531 or at their location on Gurley Street anytime during their hours, 8am-5pm, Monday through Friday except holidays.\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://prescottcommunitycupboard.org/get-involved/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://prescottcommunitycupboard.org/get-involved/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\par
Resurrection Street Ministries\b0  (Mesa): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.rsmaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.rsmaz.org}}}\f0\fs22 , 1135 E Main St. Mesa, AZ 85224, 480-615-2799 (S.T.U.F.F. Thrift Store, follow Food Bank signs)\par
\par
Intake: 480-615-2799, appointment preferred. MUST have a photo ID and proof of Arizona residency such as a drivers license, utility bill with name/address.\par
\ul Food Bank\ulnone : One food box and pet food per household per month.\par
Distribution Times: Mondays/Wednesdays 3:00PM to 5:00PM, Saturdays 2:00PM to 4:00PM\par
\b\par
\par
Salvation Army Food Bank:\b0  West Mesa Salvation Army Food Bank: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mesa.salvationarmy.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://mesa.salvationarmy.org/}}}\f0\fs22  241 E 6th St, Mesa, AZ 85201\par
Monday through Thursday 10:00AM to 12:00AM and 1:00PM to 3:00PM\par
Friday 8:00AM to 12:00PM and 1:00PM to 3:00PM\par
\par
\par
\b Sedona Community Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sedonafoodbank.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.sedonafoodbank.org/}}}\f0\fs22  680 Sunset Dr, Sedona, AZ 86336, 928-204-2808 (call ahead)\par
Food Bank: Wednesday 8:30AM to 12:00PM, 4:00PM to 6:00PM\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 St. Mary's Food Bank Alliance:\b0\fs22  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.firstfoodbank.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.firstfoodbank.org}}}\f0\fs22  2831 N. 31st Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85009, 602\_242\_3663\par
Services: distributes food to over 500 agencies, provides emergency food boxes at their kitchen location, mobile pantry, child nutrition programs, and a community culinary kitchen program.\par
\b Community Kitchen & Agency Shopping - University of Phoenix Programs Center:\b0  3003 W. Thomas Road, Phoenix, AZ 85017\par
\b Phoenix Food Box Distribution - Knight Transportation Community Services Center:\par
\b0 3131 W. Thomas Road, Phoenix, AZ 85017, 602-242-3663\par
\b Surprise Office & Food Box Distribution:\b0  13050 W. Elm Street, Surprise, AZ 85378, 602-242-3663\par
\b Northern Arizona Office:\b0  201 E. Birch Street, Suite 14, Flagstaff, AZ 86001\par
\par
\i St. Mary's Community Kitchen Culinary Program:\i0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.firstfoodbank.org/learn/programs/community-kitchen/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.firstfoodbank.org/learn/programs/community-kitchen/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Services: 12 week culinary prgram, classes Monday through Friday 7:00AM to 3:00PM\par
Requirements: 18+, authorized to work, pass a drug test and agree to random screening, no arson or sexual offenses, agree to background check, interest in culinary arts and food service, be in a stable living environment (shelter etc.), and be punctual/dedicated to classes.\par
\par
\i Kids Cafe:\i0  parterns with schools, community centers, health clinics, and other neighborhood groups to provide free, healthy meals daily in after-school programs as well as during the summer. 130 sites throughout Arizona.\par
\par
\i Backpack Program:\i0  weekly food bag to help their families through the weekend.  Backpacks are filled with non-perishable ingredients that provide at least three nutritious meals to a family of four. 70 schools and community centers to provide about 2,000 backpacks per week.\par
\par
Volunteer: volunteer.services@firstfoodbank.org, 602-343-5637\par
\par
\par
\b Sunnyslope Dining Room \b0 (St. Vincent de Paul):\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/sunnyslope-dining-room"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/dining-rooms/dining-room-locations/sunnyslope-dining-room}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 9227 N. 10th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85021\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone : Dinner every day 4:30PM to 5:30PM\par
\b\par
\b0\par
\b United Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.unitedfoodbank.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.unitedfoodbank.org}}}\f0\fs22  245 S. Nina Dr., Phoenix, AZ 85210, 480\_926\_4897\par
Services: Kid's Cafe, Help Yourself food program (Fridays), list of hot meal/food box search.\par
\b\par
\par
Valley View Community Food Bank:\b0  9839 N. 105th Ave. Sun City, AZ 85351, 623\_933\_3358\par
Food Bank: Monday through Saturday, 9:00AM to 1:00PM\par
\par
\par
\b Yuma Community Food Bank:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yumafoodbank.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.yumafoodbank.org/}}}\f0\fs22  2404 E 24th St. Yuma, AZ. 85365, 928-343-1243\par
Food Bank: Monday through Friday 9:00AM to 2:00PM\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Shelters and Housing:\par
\b\fs22\par
Contacts Hotline:\b0  800-263-8900\par
\b Maricopa County Shelter Hotline:\b0  800-799-7739\par
\b Valley Homelessness Resources: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tempe.gov/city-hall/human-services/housing-services/ending-homelessness/homeless-resources/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.tempe.gov/city-hall/human-services/housing-services/ending-homelessness/homeless-resources/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 CASS \b0 (Central Arizona Shelter Services)\fs22\par
\b Central Arizona Shelter Services\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cassaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cassaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  230 S. 12th Ave.\par
Phoenix, AZ 85007, development@cassaz.org, 602-870-9885, 800-256-6945, 602\_256\_6945\par
\par
\b Downtown Emergency Shelter \b0 (CASS): 230 S. 12th Ave.\par
Phoenix, AZ 85007, 800-256-6945, 602\_256\_6945\par
\ul SHELTER:\ulnone  120 women's beds and 350 total men's beds\b\par
\b0 Services: Provides case-management, basic resources, and emergency shelter\par
LEVEL 1 (CASS):\b  \b0 bunkbeds and basic resources\b\par
\b0 LEVEL 2 (CASS):\b  \b0 your own bed and basic living space\b\par
\b0 LEVEL 3 (CASS):\b  \b0 your own bed, furnishing, and enclosed space\par
\par
\b Men's Overflow Shelter \b0 (CASS): 1214 W. Madison St. Phoenix, AZ 85007 602\_256\_6945 \b\par
\b0 OVERFLOW \ul SHELTER\ulnone : entry level, shared sleeping space.\par
\b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/GUeyVBt9wEw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://youtu.be/GUeyVBt9wEw}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b Vista Colina Family Shelter \b0 (CASS): 1050 W. Mountain View, Phoenix, AZ 85021, info@cassaz.org, 602-944-0960\par
\ul SHELTER\ulnone : 1 to 2 bedroom units, access to food, clothing and hygiene products. 12 one bedroom and 18 two bedroom units specifically for adults with children under 18. Families must save 85% of their income for permanent housing in preparation for leaving the shelter. Houses 30 families. Eligable families stay up to 90 days. \par
Services: emergency shelter, 24-hour on-site staff, life-skill coaching, rent-free (3 hours of chores), case-management, childcare and recreation, drug-screenings required\par
\ul\par
\ulnone\b Horace Steele Commons \b0 (CASS): 1735 NW Grand Avenue Phoenix, AZ. (602) 687-7250\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 60-unit single room occupancy (SRO) community; to help homeless working individuals maintain employment, and to enable high-risk individuals to maintain their permanent housing. Hours: 8:00AM to 4:00PM.\par
Services: Case management, job referral, counseling, life skills training, community-building and social activities. The property is staffed 24 hours a day. Property amenities include laundry facilities, a community room, library, game room, a picnic area and storage lockers. The property is gated and boasts fully monitored access to the community. This community is income restricted through three different affordable programs including \i Maricopa County Industrial Development Authority Bond Program\i0 , \i City of Phoenix HOME Funds\i0 , and \i ValueOptions\i0  (formerly ComCare) \i Stargate Housing Program\par
\i0  \par
\b Vista Colina Family Shelter\b0  (CASS): 1050 W. Mountain View, Phoenix, AZ 85021, info@cassaz.org, 602-944-0960\par
Services: emergency shelter, 24-hour on-site staff, life-skill coaching, rent-free (3 hours of chores), case-management, childcare and recreation, drug-screenings\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : eligable families stay up to 90 days. 1 to 2 bedroom units, access to food, clothing and hygiene products. 12 one bedroom and 18 two bedroom units specifically for adults with children under 18. Families must save 85% of their income for permanent housing in preparation for leaving the shelter.\par
Intake: 602-595-8700.\par
\par
Intake:\par
Veterans, Seniors: Human Services Campus - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hsc-az.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.hsc-az.org/}}}\f0\fs22  602-595-8700\par
Families:  Please bring ID and family documentation. Call before arrival. Use FHH.\par
\i Family Housing Hub (FHH) \i0 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cassaz.org/how-we-help/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cassaz.org/how-we-help/}}}\f0\fs22  3307 E Van Buren St. Phoenix, Arizona 85008, 602-595-8700\par
FHH: Vista Colina, 602-687-8102 or call main #\par
FHH: Pat Gilbert Center (Mesa CAN), 635 E. Broadway Mesa, AZ 85204\par
FHH: Save the Family Foundation, 125 E. University Dr. Mesa, AZ 85201\par
FHH: Pendergast Community Center, 10550 W. Mariposa St., Phoenix, AZ 85037\par
\par
Volunteer: 602\_256\_6945, ljames@cassaz.org\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cassaz.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/CASS-Wishlist.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cassaz.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/CASS-Wishlist.pdf}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Church on the Street \b0 (COTS): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cotsphoenix.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cotsphoenix.org/}}}\f0\fs22  3210 NW Grand AvePhoenix, AZ 85017, mail@cotsphoenix.com, 602-257-8918\b\par
\b0 Rigorous Boot Camp Style Ministry performing outreaches every week. Offers housing in the \b Phoenix Dream Center \b0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22 ). Faith-based organization.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone  provided through different programs: \i Men's Mission, Discipleship, Green Berets. \i0\par
\b Church On The Street-Mens Mission, 4006 W Van Buren St, Phoenix, AZ 85009\b0\i\par
\i0 Intake: (602) 447-0259\i\par
Men's Mission\i0  is a temporary shelter with basic provisions. After a \b ten-day stay\b0 , some transfer to the working men's program at that same location, others apply for discipleship program, or are assisted in finding permanent housing.\par
\b COTS TUCSON\b0 : 1402 S. Tyndall Ave., Tucson, AZ 85713 (corner of 24th and Tyndall) \par
Men's Mission:  520-409-2440\par
Women's Mission and Discipleship Home: 520-204-7838\par
Men's Discipleship Home:\b  \b0 421 E. Kelso St., Tucson, AZ 85705, 520-441-0008\par
\i Discipleship\i0  has 3 phases; phase 1 is \i six months\i0  of Christian boot-camp training, phase 2 is six months of Christian skill/life and employment preparation, and phase 3 is a dedicated year-long Christian personal ministry/outreach track. \par
*Intakes are every day between 3:00PM  to 5:00PM. Call ahead to discuss with a staff member if you meet our requirements. Beds are first come, first serve; we do not reserve beds\par
\i Green Berets\i0  is a rigorous, advanced discipleship and outreach leadership program.\par
\par
\par
\b Family Promise of Arizona:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://familypromiseaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://familypromiseaz.org}}}\f0\fs22  7221 E. Belleview St. Scottsdale, AZ 85257, 480-659-5227\par
Requirements: 1 parent and 1 child (at least), must pass substance screening, no domestic violence, no violent felonies (10 years)\par
Services: basic needs, hygene, no substance abuse, family management, mentoring, job couseling\par
Petsmart Promise: pet shelter for families in program with pets\par
Intake: 480-659-5227\par
\par
\par
\b Homeward Bound:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homewardboundaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.homewardboundaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  2302 West Colter Street, Phoenix, AZ 85015, 602-263-7654\par
Hours: Monday through Friday 9:00AM to 5:00PM, closed Saturday/Sunday\par
Drug and alcohol free, must be homeless, must have verifiable income, less than 50% median of your area, must have custody of minor-aged children. Families meet at least once per month with their assigned Case Managers to assess their progress towards self-sufficiency and independence. Assessments are routinely completed to track family progress on their goals and plans. \i Homeward Bound is a one year program. \i0\par
Services: stable and affordable housing, case management, life skill programming, education, employment advancement, and quality childcare. \par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 30 scattered homes, 72 two bedroom units at its Thunderbird Family Village available.\par
**Limited shared-housing resources may be available for single Veterans without children.  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://homewardboundaz.org/apply/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://homewardboundaz.org/apply/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0 1. Complete the pre-screen eligability questionaire with Homeward Bound representative.  Upon meeting eligibility requirements, a program application will be given.\par
2. Upon completion of the program application and required supporting documentation an applicant appointment will be set to meet with program representative. \par
3. Following the appointment, determination will be made for acceptance into the Homeward Bound program or referral to another service provider.\b\par
\par
\par
i-HELP: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://azcend.org/i-help/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://azcend.org/i-help/}}}\f0\fs22  345 S California St Chandler, AZ 85225, roxanna@azcend.org, 480-963-1423, Ext. 112\par
Services and \ul Shelter:\ulnone  provides a safe place to sleep and a hot meal. I-HELP also offers case management services to connect individuals to the vital resources needed to regain stability. The mobile shower unit, the \ldblquote Chandler Clean Machine,\rdblquote  provides guests with ready access to a warm shower. Job Placement, medical referrals, bus Passes, benefits Connection (SNAP & AHCCCS), housing assistance\b\par
\cf2\b0 .\par
\cf0\fs28\par
\b NAC \b0 (Native American Connections)\fs22\par
\b Camelback Pointe \b0 (Native American Connections): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/camelback-pointe"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/camelback-pointe}}}\f0\fs22  1537 W Camelback Rd. Phoenix AZ 85015, housing@nativeconnections.org, 602-648-9724 \par
Services: 1 person, furnished, all-utilities included occupancy, smoke free, no income required, case-management, amenities and facilities (laundry, recreation). Community-based.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 54 units, 1 bedroom apartments for chronically homeless and low-income w/ section 8 vouchers, and VASH vouchers for homeless veterans. Residents contribute 30 percent of any income, either from jobs or social programs like disability, toward rent.\par
NO CURRENT AVAILABILITY - apply to waitlist.\par
\par
\b Catherine Arms \b0 (Native American Connections): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/catherine-arms"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/catherine-arms}}}\f0\fs22  315 W. Fillmore Phoenix, AZ 85003, housing@nativeconnections.org, 602-712-1031\par
Services: 1 person, furnished, all-utilities included occupancy, case-management, amenities and facilities (computer room). Income required.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 28 units, 1 bedroom townhouse apartments. Restrictions apply (occupancy/income).\par
NO CURRENT AVAILABILITY - apply to waitlist.\par
\par
\b Encanto Point \b0 (Native American Connections)\b :\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/encanto-pointe"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/encanto-pointe}}}\f0\fs22  4175 N. 9th Street Phoenix, AZ housing@nativeconnections.org, 602-648-9758\par
Services: 1 person, furnished, all-utilities included occupancy, smoke free, no income required, case-management, amenities and facilities (laundry, recreation). Community-based.\par
\ul Housing:\ulnone  54 units, 1 bedroom apartments for chronically homeless and low-income w/ section 8 vouchers, and VASH vouchers for homeless veterans. Residents contribute 30 percent of any income, either from jobs or social programs like disability, toward rent.\par
NO CURRENT AVAILABILITY - waitlist based on chronicity and acuity, must provide written documentation of homelessness and permanent disability, as well as being assessed prior to being placed on waitlist.\par
\par
\b Stepping Stone \b0 (Native American Connections): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/stepping-stone-place"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/homeless/stepping-stone-place}}}\f0\fs22  1311 N. 14th St Phoenix, AZ 85006, housing@nativeconnections.org, 602-648-9756\par
Services: 20 units for those living with HIV/AIDS. 1 and 2 person, furnished, all-utilities included, smoke free, no income required, case-management, amenities and facilities (laundry, recreation). \par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 82 units, 1 bedroom apartments for chronically homeless and low-income w/ section 8 vouchers, and VASH vouchers for homeless veterans. Residents contribute 30 percent of any income, either from jobs or social programs like disability, toward rent.\par
NO CURRENT AVAILABILITY - apply to waitlist.\par
\b\par
\par
\par
Lodestar Day Shelter/Resource Center:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lodestardrc.org/#program"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://lodestardrc.org/#program}}}\f0\fs22  1125 W. Jackson, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-393-9930\par
Services: \par
7:00AM to 5:00PM - day shelter and job families, single men and women.\par
Intake: \par
Brian Garcia Welcome Center - Human Services Campus (HSC) 206 S 12th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-229-5155\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lodestardrc.org/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://lodestardrc.org/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Phoenix Dream Center:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22  3210 NW Grand Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85018, volunteer@phxdreamcenter.org, 602-346-8700\par
\par
Services: Foster Care program (works w/ families during hardship), human trafficking support, PTSD and theraputic support, safe-housing, medical support from Phoenix Children\rquote s Hospital, Dignity Health, Life Health and Wellness and Williams Eye Care. Education (GED, college prep), DCS engagement to help families in crisis and keep children in a stable home. \tab\par
Veteran Support: interview clothing, bus passes, and employment placement with reserved openings specifically to military veterans that are residents of the PDC. \par
Weekly Veteran Outreach: Serving food and information for community awareness.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : foster-care housing (towards independent living), safe-housing for trafficking suvivors\par
\b\par
\par
RI International Transitional and Permanent Housing: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://riinternational.com/health/housing/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://riinternational.com/health/housing/}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 2701 N. 16th St. Phoenix, Arizona 85006, 866-481-5361\par
Services: housing, fair housing information, and help maintaining stable living environment using model. Peer-active recovery from substance abuse, SMI, and trauma care\par
Community Living: 602-650-1212 - administrator: Chris Bartz\par
Pathways Community (Arizona Restart/Rehabilitation): 602-297-0323 \par
HOPE Community: 602-258-4646 \par
Journey Community: 602-265-1118 - administrator: Patti Hart\par
\b\par
\par
\fs28 Turn a New Leaf \b0 (Catholic Charities Community):\fs22  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.turnanewleaf.org/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.turnanewleaf.org/about/}}}\f0\fs22  868 East University Drive, Mesa, AZ 85203, 480-969-4024\b\par
SERVICES\b0\par
\i Domestic violence shelters, temporary shelters, transitional home and living assistance, basic needs. Help with homeless youth, individuals, and families. Workforce support, community assistance programs. Advanced foster care support, crisis intervention, and legal assisistance.\i0\par
\b Crisis Intervention:\b0  24-hour domestic violence crisis hotline for victims in Maricopa County. Staff refer callers to the appropriate intervention with safety as the number one priority.\par
Call: 480-890-3039 or 1-844-SAFEDVS\par
\b Domestic Violence:\b0  provide up to 120 days of emergency shelter to afford victims and their children the time and resources needed to recover from the trauma they have experienced and gain independence from their abuser. In addition to safe housing, meals, and basic needs, support services include case management, financial coaching, employment assistance, childcare, life skills development and referrals for additional assistance.\par
\b Legal Assistance:\b0  Domestic Violence Court Advocacy program provides assistance with navigating the legal system, helping victims obtain \i Orders of Protection\i0 , \i Injunctions of Harassment\i0 , and providing counsel in cases of unwanted contact, stalking or other threats. Court advocates are bilingual in Spanish and English and provide assistance in person or over the phone. Advocates will also accompany individuals to court hearings for support\par
\ul Glendale City Court:\ulnone  5711 W. Glendale Ave, Glendale, AZ 85301, 623-930-2004\par
\ul Protective Order Center:\ulnone  NE Reg Court Center 18380 N. 40th St, PHX, AZ 85032, 602-372-7605\par
\b\par
HOUSING\par
Desert Leaf Apartments: \b0 44 S Horne, Mesa, Arizona 85204, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hominc.com/desert-leaf-apartments-new-permanent-supportive-housing-2/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.hominc.com/desert-leaf-apartments-new-permanent-supportive-housing-2/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 18 Units. Applicants must be at or below 50% of area median income and be homeless as defined by HUD to qualify for residency at the property.\par
\par
\b Madison Heights Apartments\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.madisonheights-az.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.madisonheights-az.com/}}}\f0\fs22  1110 N Dysart Rd, Avondale, AZ 85323\par
Services: before and after-school programs, on-site job training, search and job placement, credit and financial counselling, education, support groups, and a computer lab.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : 30 permanent supportive housing units 24 units set aside for households with children. The set-aside for the units will be 30 units at 30%, 32 units at 50% and 15 units at 60% AMI. 77 units total: 19 one bedroom, 26 two bedroom, 30 three bedroom and 2 four bedroom through RAD (Rental Assistance Demonstration).\ul\b\par
\ulnone\par
La Mesita Apartments:\b0  245 West Ella Street, Building A, Mesa, AZ 85201 480-969-4024\b\par
\b0 Must call intake.\b\par
\ul\b0 Housing\ulnone : two 1,250 square-foot units to accommodate larger families and/or residents with disabilities. 30 families live at La Mesita in their individual efficiency apartments. Receiving up to 4 months of emergency shelter, services, and staff help. Cost is $56 per night.\par
Services: Personal Investment Center, after school and Summer program (LMASP) offers entirely free child care, kindergarten through 8th Grade, expande resources.\par
\b\par
SHELTERS\par
East Valley Men\rquote s Center \b0 (EVMC): 2345 N. Country Club Drive, 480-610-6722\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : for up to 76 homeless men who make the commitment to become self-sufficient and move back into the community. 18 transitional housing beds. Newly renovated.\par
Services: food, shelter and basic needs, case management focused on permanent housing solutions, work assistance, life skills classes and financial coaching. \par
During their stay, all residents must work full time and save 85% of their income. Community rules and staffing.\par
\par
\b East Valley Women's Shelter:\b0  149 N. Mesa Drive, Mesa, AZ 85201, 480-969-1691\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : 8 bed, Emergency Shelter that provides services to help homeless women. EVWS residents can stay up to 120 days, during which time participants work with support staff to find permanent housing solutions.\par
Services: food, shelter, basic needs, case-management for housing, work-assistance, community resource navigation, life-skill classes and financial coaching.\par
\b\par
La Mesita Community Family \ul Shelter\ulnone : \b0 2254 W. Main Street, Mesa, AZ 85201, 602-595-8700\par
Intake (MesaCAN): 480-833-9200, (CONTACS) at 602-263-8900.\par
\i All calls are directed to the Family Housing Hub which is the entry point for the shelter.\i0\par
Services: temporary emergency housing, family development center, licensed childcare services, case-management, provisions of basic needs, adult resource center.\b\par
\par
Autumn House:\b0  WOMEN'S \ul SHELTER\ulnone , 22-bed domestic violence shelter providing security and shelter to women, children, and men fleeing abuse. Meant to provide a safe haven as families and women recover from the trauma of abuse, full apartment-style units with kitchens, living rooms, and a nearby, fenced-in playground. Women, children, and men may stay up to 120 days, with referrals to additional services to ensure housing stability. \par
\ul\b\par
DV STOP\b0  (Domestic Violence Safe Temporary Overflow Program) Temporary Overflow Shelter\ulnone : provides temporary shelter at a site in Mesa, along with case management, basic needs, safety planning, and other referrals for services. \par
\par
\b Faith House:\b0  WOMEN'S \ul SHELTER\ulnone . 15 unit, 72 bed, 24-hour Emergency Shelter for women and children in crisis. 52 beds (15 units) are reserved for emergency housing of up to 120 days, and 20 beds (5 units) are reserved for transitional housing of up to 12 months.\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.turnanewleaf.org/make-difference/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.turnanewleaf.org/make-difference/volunteer/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0\par
\par
\b\fs28 UMOM \b0 (United Methodist Outreach Ministries):\fs22  UMOM.org 3333 East Van Buren Street Phoenix, Arizona, 602-275-7852\par
\i Largest shelter for homeless families in the state from emergency care to transitional housing, and permanent housing solutions. \i0\par
Services: skill training, medical care, quality child-care, and education opportunities, computer lab, vocational training and licensed, onsite childcare \endash  aid clients in obtaining a job,  licensed wellness clinic, on the New Day Center Campus.\par
SHELTER\par
Open Hands Emergency Shelter: teens 12 - 17, safe home-like setting for youth.\par
HOUSING\par
Halle Women\rquote s Center: single mothers without children, three women share a room with a private bathroom w/ meals 3x a day.\par
Tumbleweed: for teens 12-17 experiencing homelessness (status?)\par
Young Adult Transitional Independent Living: for teens 16 - 18 w/ no family support/foster-care\par
UMOM New Day Centers: families, including families of military veterans\par
On the UMOM New Day Centers campus, each family lives in a private room. Case managers guide families as they create an individual housing plan \endash  essentially, their own strategy to confront and overcome the challenges that led to homelessness.\par
\par
Intake: FHH (UMOM) - 3333 E. Van Buren St. Phoenix, AZ 85008 602-275-7852\par
Hours: Monday 8:00AM to 8:00PM, Tuesday through Thursday 8:00AM to 4:00PM\par
\par
Watkins Overflow\b  \b0 (UMOM): watkins@gov.org, 1120 W. Watkins St. Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-263-8900\par
\i Watkins is the last resort for single women and families when there are no other shelters with openings. Please call ahead and check for availability.\i0\par
\ul Services\ulnone : provides breakfast and dinner and a place to shower.\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Women's, Youth, and Domestic Crisis Resources:\par
\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nnedv.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://nnedv.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncadv.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.ncadv.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.azcourts.gov/domesticviolencelaw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.azcourts.gov/domesticviolencelaw}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b DV Centralized Screening Line:\b0  480-890-3039\par
\b National Human Trafficking Hotline: \b0 888-373-7888\par
\b Arizona Coalition to End Sexual and Domestic Violence:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.azcadv.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.azcadv.org/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b0\par
\b Anchor House: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://anchorhouse.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://anchorhouse.org}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 2320 E. Baseline Rd. Suite 148, #127 Phoenix, AZ 85042-6951, 602-466-3852\par
\i Anchor House provides a temporary home to single mothers with young children who are dealing with poverty, homelessness or other difficulties.\i0\par
Services: stable home w/ nutrition, maternity and infant supplies, faith-based mentoring, education services, transportation assistance, full-time house parents, budgeting program.\par
\ul Housing:\ulnone  10 single moms and 21 children served, The Anchor House serves single moms in need of a loving and supportive community. The Anchor House provides support and assistance to single mothers to help develop the appropriate skills to recover from poverty, homelessness, and difficult circumstances. Each mom has a personalized goal-setting program designed for her family to become self- sufficient and break out of the cycle of poverty. Women must be pregnant or have at least 1 child in their custody (under age of 7) and can stay for up to 1 year.\par
Family Eligibility Requirements: Over 18 years of age, drug/alcohol free for 90 days, must be pregnant or have at least one child in custody, be willing to work 40 hours (work, classes, GED), follow rules, and submit to random drug test.\par
Referrals to community agencies/programs including Alcoholics/Narcotics Anonymous, parenting classes, adoption counseling, job training, and low-cost housing. Help w/ health insurance, day care subsidies, food stamps, child support, and cash assistance\par
\par
\par
\b Autumn House:\b0  WOMEN'S SHELTER, 22-bed domestic violence shelter providing security and shelter to women, children, and men fleeing abuse. Meant to provide a safe haven as families and women recover from the trauma of abuse, Autumn House offers comprehensive services to assist with obtaining and sustaining an independent, safe lifestyle. Autumn House provides full apartment-style units with kitchens, living rooms, and a nearby, fenced-in playground. Women, children, and men may stay up to 120 days, with referrals to additional services to ensure housing stability. \par
Contact: \i Turn a New Leaf - \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.turnanewleaf.org/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.turnanewleaf.org/about/}}}\f0\fs22  868 East University Drive, Mesa, AZ 85203, 480-969-4024\b\par
\par
\par
Bridge to Hope HOUSING Program \b0 (Not a Shelter): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://b2hope.org/can-we-help-you/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://b2hope.org/can-we-help-you/}}}\f0\fs22  1815 W. Missouri Ave #105, Phoenix, Arizona 85015, 602-589-5556\par
For homeless SINGLE mothers (no more than 2 children under 12 years of age) and living apart from any partner. Bridge of Hope is faith-based and drug-free. If you are experiencing substance abuse, you must be engaged in a program of support. You are placed on a team, with mentors, you attend evening programs and weekly church attendence. You are given a case-manager to help you on your path who visits you and your property for personnel case inspection and guidance. Aims for full-time employment and a savings account in your name. Income not required, must be willing to find work. Mothers with children in custody of DCS (CPS) may still qualify on a case-by-case basis (please call).\par
\ul Housing:\ulnone  gains housing open accentance to program along w/ mentors, guidance, employment help, life-skill and vocational programs. Faith-based ministry.\par
Intake Screening: 602-589-5556\par
\b\par
\par
Church on the Street \b0 (COTS TUCSON): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cotsphoenix.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cotsphoenix.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1402 S. Tyndall Ave. Tucson, AZ 85713 (corner of 24th and Tyndall) \par
Women's Mission and Discipleship Home: 520-204-7838\b\par
\par
\par
Chrysalis: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://noabuse.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://noabuse.org/}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 2055 W. Northern Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85021, admin@noabuse.org, 602-955-9059\par
\i 120 day emergency shelter for women and children with anger management for men/women and support for DV and trauma.\b\i0\par
\b0 Services:\b  \b0 basic needs, childcare, case-management, community education, mobile victim advocacy, shelter, transitional housing\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : 1010 E Mcdowell Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85006\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : (confidential)\par
Chrysalis Domestic Violence Hotline: 602-944-4999\par
Screening (eligability): 480-890-3039\par
Intake (registration): 602-955-9059\par
Volunteer: volunteer@noabuse.org\b\par
\par
\par
Community Bridges\b0  (Center for Hope): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/womens-and-childrens/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/womens-and-childrens/}}}\f0\fs22  554 S Bellview, Mesa, AZ 85204, 480-461-1711\par
\i Homeless women can reside on campus with children up to the age of 6, while attending day programming services to address their substance abuse and mental health needs.\par
\ul\i0 Housing\ulnone : 4 complex properties on campus for low income families\par
Services: group counseling, trauma therapy, in-home visits, peer-to-peer support, transportation and childcare, and ASPIRE outpatient support program\par
Requirements: homeless, pregnant and or post- partum women (18 & older) with substance abuse and behavioral health conditions. \b\par
\par
\par
De Colores: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cplcdecolores.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.cplcdecolores.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1112 E. Buckeye Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85034, INFO@CPLC.ORG, 602-257-0700\par
\i Domestic violence shelter with 24 hour line, laundry, and legal help, case-management, youth services\i0\par
Shelter: 28 bed, 90-day maximum stay\par
Intake: 480-890-3039, 602-269-1515 (call ahead)\par
\ul\b\par
\par
DV STOP\b0  (Domestic Violence Safe Temporary Overflow Program) Temporary Overflow Shelter\ulnone : provides temporary shelter at a site in Mesa, along with case management, basic needs, safety planning, and other referrals for services.\par
Contact: \i Turn a New Leaf - \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.turnanewleaf.org/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.turnanewleaf.org/about/}}}\f0\fs22  868 East University Drive, Mesa, AZ 85203, 480-969-4024\par
\par
\par
\b Eagle Pathway:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.eaglepathway.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.eaglepathway.org}}}\f0\fs22  1720 E 8th Ave #1 Mesa, AZ  85204, eaglepathwayaz@gmail.com, 480-225-6664, contact: Angelese Elaine Calderon\par
Eagle Pathway is a resource for single mothers and youth who have experienced foster care and homelessness. Provides tiny homes for transitional living out of foster care, life-skill classes, and mentoring for single mothers. Their Mesa center provides Christian-oriented life-skill classes, food, clothing and variety of resources such as "Christmas Assistance" and "Single Mom Monthly Luncheon". Outreach 1 to 2 times a month to deliver food bags to the streets.\par
\ul Services\ulnone : free one-time crisis food box, Monday through Friday 10AM to 2PM, appointment suggested. To receive a box a second time individuals must bring ID, proof of residence, and income. A notice to provider is required to receive items for foster children.\par
NO CURRENT AVAILABILITY: Tiny home communities planned for foster-care teens.\par
\b\par
\par
Elba House (Ebony House): \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ebonyhouseinc.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://ebonyhouseinc.org}}}\f0\fs22  8646 South 14th St. Phoenix, AZ 85042, 602-243-5492\par
\i A 10-bed Level II residential program for substance abuse treatment and rehabilitative services for pregnant and parenting women, ages 18 and older, in a 24-hour supervised environment\i0 . \par
Requirements: American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) and treatment is individualized. Co-occurring disorders are ok w/ stable medication.\par
Intake: Mercy Care - 602\_263\_3000\par
\par
\par
\b Elim House (Salvation Army):\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arizona.salvationarmy.org/arizona/Elim-House"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://arizona.salvationarmy.org/arizona/Elim-House}}}\f0\fs22  602-267-4111 (24\u8260?7)\par
\i Domestic violence shelter for abused women and children. \i0\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : up to 120 days, for women and children\par
Requirements: \par
Educational Phase-Clients: respite and awareness of domestic violence\par
Achievement Phase-Clients: life skills and goals and continued DV education.\par
Self-Sufficiency Phase-Transitions: clients from the shelter into a stable living situation.\par
\b\par
\par
Eve\rquote s Place: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.evesplace.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.evesplace.org/}}}\f0\fs22  10448 W Coggins Drive, Sun City, AZ 85351 info@evesplace.org, 623-537-5380, Eve's toll free: 844-301-7908 \par
Teen Services: safety planning, support groups, assistance w/ talking to guardian, referrals, education assistance, bullying prevention, recreation.\par
Mobile Advocacy Program: safety planning, goal setting, shelter assistance, housing information, support groups, referral, advocacy, victim rights.\par
Legal Advocacy Program: Info about Orders of Protection; court process/procedures for divorce, bankruptcy, creditor issues; safety planning and legal options, immigration process; including court accompaniment.\par
\b\par
\par
Faith House:\b0  WOMEN'S SHELTER. 15 unit, 72 bed, 24-hour Emergency Shelter for women and children in crisis. 52 beds (15 units) are reserved for emergency housing of up to 120 days, and 20 beds (5 units) are reserved for transitional housing of up to 12 months\par
Contact: \i Turn a New Leaf - \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.turnanewleaf.org/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.turnanewleaf.org/about/}}}\f0\fs22  868 East University Drive, Mesa, AZ 85203, 480-969-4024\par
\par
\par
\b Fresh Start Women's Foundation: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.freshstartwomen.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.freshstartwomen.org}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 1130 E. McDowell Road Phoenix, AZ 85006 info@fswf.org, 602-252-8494\par
Services: Life skills and personal development classes, ESL for Spanish assistance. \i Girls Thriving:\i0  Holistic personal development classes for teenage girls, workshops.\par
\par
\par
\b Gift of Mary Women's SHELTER:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://b2hope.org/can-we-help-you/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://b2hope.org/can-we-help-you/}}}\f0\fs22  1406 S 17th Ave Phoenix, AZ 85007-3809, 602-254-8424\par
For homeless SINGLE mothers living apart from any partner. Women age 18 and older and women with girls age 1 to 12 or boys age 4 and younger who are homeless, must have photo ID or social security card.\par
Intake Screening: 602-254-8424\par
\par
\par
\b Homeless YOUTH CONNECTION\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hycaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://hycaz.org}}}\f0\fs22  9950 W. VAN BUREN #114, AVONDALE AZ 85323, 623-374-3747\par
Monday through Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM\par
Services: EYFTF (Empowering Youth for the Future). Mentoring, case-management, host-families, and skill-training, and local workforce connections for future employment. Substance free environment for teenagers experiencing homelessness or an unstable home environment. Youth ages 13 to 19 years old who are attending qualified high school districts and enrolled in the McKinney-Vento program at their school. Can provide housing.\par
\par
\par
\b Homebase\b0  (Native American Connections): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/youth"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/youth}}}\f0\fs22  931 E Devonshire Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85014, housing@nativeconnections.org, 602-263-5531\par
Provides housing for youth 18 - 24 years old, friendly to LGBTQ and people from unhealthy family environments. Dormitory-style housing for 25 occupants. Access to Resource Center.\par
NOW REOPENED \par
\par
\par
\b Homebase/Day Resource Center\b0  (Native American Connections): 931 East Devonshire Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85014, 602-263-5531\par
Monday through Friday\par
Services: Homeless youth laundry, shower, hot meals, case-management, medical and mental health referrals, and Transitional Living Program intake for Homebase Youth Housing. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/youth"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.nativeconnections.org/housing/youth}}}\f0\fs22\par
Transitional Living Program intake through Homebase:\par
A program designed specifically to help homeless young adults prepare for healthy independent living. Services include housing, employment training and assistance, financial literacy courses, educational training and assistance and referrals for legal assistance, medical and mental health services, substance abuse services, social services and assistance with social/developmental challenges. The goal of this program is to provide youth with the necessary support for them to be ready for a better future.\par
\par
\par
\b Hope Women's Center Phoenix: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hopewomenscenter.org/phoenix-center/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.hopewomenscenter.org/phoenix-center/}}}\f0\fs22  1640 E. McDowell Road Phoenix, AZ 85006, tiffany@hopewomenscenter.org, 602-715-0999\par
Safe haven for at-risk women getting back on their feet. Weekly classes and mentoring sessions. "Client Cash" earned through education and mentoring exchanged for items and assistance. Programs for children ages 0-5 while their mothers are participating in center as well. \par
Services: free pregnancy testing. diaper service (diaper bank) Monday through Thursday 9:00AM to 2:00PM, closed Fridays.\par
Planned Maricopa Hope Pregnancy Center: 520-568-0532 to partner with A Heart for You Pregnancy Center: 520-568-0612 18705 N. John Wayne Parkway Maricopa, Arizona 85239 for furture "Maricopa" expanded services (foster care).\par
\b\par
\par
Lifewell\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lifewell.us/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.lifewell.us/}}}\f0\fs22  202 E. Earll Dr. Suite 200 Phoenix, AZ 85012 602-808-2800\par
Requirements: housing provider with the Regional Behavioral Health Authority (RBHA), for SMI III enrolled members. Community Living Placement (CLP), Transitional Living Placement (TLP), Flexcare, Flexcare Plus, Flexcare Plus Extended. Tenant-Based Housing Vouchers\b\par
\b0 Lifewellness Center Beryl: 2505 W. Beryl Ave. Phoenix AZ 85021\tab\par
Lifewellness Center Oak: 4451 E. Oak Street, Phoenix AZ 85008\par
Lifewellness Center Mitchell: 40 E. Mitchell Dr. Phoenix AZ 85004\par
Lifewellness Center Windsor: 2715 N. 3rd St. Phoenix AZ 85012, 602-264-4331\par
Lifewellness Center University: 262 E. University Dr. Mesa AZ 85201\par
Lifewellness Center South Mountain: 3540 E. Baseline Rd. #150 PHX, AZ 85042 602-323-3000\par
Lifewellness Center Power: 6915 E. Main St. Mesa AZ 85207 602-353-2340\par
Lifewellness Center Royal Palms: 2311 W. Royal Palm Phoenix AZ 85021\b\par
Pichot Gardens: Housing (substance abuse)\par
\b0 Housing: 20-person apartment complex, basic needs and services, playground\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 serves low-income women who have co-occurring general mental health and substance abuse diagnoses. Clients receive treatment and services while on site with their children\par
Intake: (602) 808-2822\b\par
\par
\tab\par
Maggies House: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.maggiesplace.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.maggiesplace.org}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 4001 N. 30th St. Phoenix, AZ 85016,\par
email@maggiesplace.org, 602-262-5555\par
\i Maternity housing pregnancy until six months after birth. For expectant and new mothers.\i0\par
Requirements: pregnant, 18 or older, drugs and alcohol free, SMI free, free from immediate physical danger, without other children in care.\par
Services: food, clothing, housing, maternity and baby supplies, bus passes and assistance with transportation, educational programs, scholarships, job coaching, skills classes and weekly therapeutic counseling, financial guidance and a savings program, referrals for prenatal care, health insurance, dental care, and low-cost housing.\par
\ul Housing:\ulnone  \par
\i AZ Transitional Homes -\i0\par
\b Mary House \b0 and \b Gerard House\b0\par
\i AZ Maternity Homes - (SOME MAY BE UNAVAILABLE)\i0\par
\b Michael House \b0 (Glendale): 8005 N 45th Ave. Glendale, AZ 85302, 623-842-1000\par
\b Elizabeth House \b0 (Tempe): 4001 N 30th St. Phoenix, AZ 85016, 480-491-0446\b\par
Hannah House \b0 (Mesa), \b Magdeline House \b0 (Phoenix), and the \b Fiat House \b0 (Phoenix)\par
Intake: 602-246-3724 Monday through Friday 9:00AM to 1:00PM\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.maggiesplace.org/how-you-can-help/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.maggiesplace.org/how-you-can-help/volunteer/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0\par
\b National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence \b0 (NCADD): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncadd-phx.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://ncadd-phx.org}}}\f0\fs22  4201 North 16th Street, Suite 140, Phoenix, AZ 85016, \ul 602-264-6214\ulnone\par
HOUSING\par
\b Her House:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncadd-phx.org/her-house-1/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://ncadd-phx.org/her-house-1/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Services: FOR SINGLE WOMEN, recovery programs, family and career services\par
Housing: must work on recovery, 2-bedroom triplex with space for three women in each apartment. NCADD provides 24-hour peer support.\par
\b Legacy House:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncadd-phx.org/legacy-house-1/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://ncadd-phx.org/legacy-house-1/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Services: incarcarated record is ok, recovery programs, life-training, AA, NA, meals\par
Housing: referred from the justice system for 6 month outpatient therapy\par
\b Sally's Place:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncadd-phx.org/sally-s-place/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://ncadd-phx.org/sally-s-place/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Services: educational and vocational training, career and family services\par
Housing: six two-bedroom apartments surrounding a communal courtyard. 24-hour on-site staff and women participate in the Women\rquote s Outpatient Program, open to women with SMI\par
\b Weldon House:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ncadd-phx.org/weldon-house-1/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://ncadd-phx.org/weldon-house-1/}}}\f0\fs22  \par
Services: women's outpatient, family services, career services, transportation, eye exams and glasses, clothing, medications, and psychiatric evaluations, life coaching, counselling, day care\par
Housing: two-bedroom apartments, fully furnished, community courtyard for family\par
\par
\par
\b One n Ten:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://onenten.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://onenten.org/}}}\f0\fs22  Promise of a New Day Housing (POND): 1101 N Central Ave #202, Phoenix, AZ 85004, 602-400-2601\par
Homeless Navigation Services: Mondays 3:00PM to 5:00PM and by Youth Center appointment.\par
Services: 1 on 1 support from housing specialist, immediate connection to shelters/beds, homeless court navigation, mental health and SMI evaluations, referrals, testing, AHCCCS assistance, hot & cold meal packs, shower, toiletries, & clothing\par
Crewsn\rquote  Health Mobile (Phoenix Children's Hospital) on Tuesdays (medical, vision, HIV/STI)\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.phoenixchildrens.org/community/healthcare-outreach/crewsnhealthmobile?fbclid=IwAR27nMfcElExiaqNv-T4wWa4DqiWA1DdZP7tztGbS9IFxtflkseGLhxHHeY"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.phoenixchildrens.org/community/healthcare-outreach/crewsnhealthmobile?fbclid=IwAR27nMfcElExiaqNv-T4wWa4DqiWA1DdZP7tztGbS9IFxtflkseGLhxHHeY}}}\f0\fs22\par
MMIC: Coordinated entry and advocacy for housing program\par
Services & Assistance @ the Youth Center: Monday through Friday 3:00PM to 4:30PM\par
Child Crisis Arizona: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://childcrisisaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://childcrisisaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  817 N Country Club Dr, Mesa, AZ 85201, \b\par
\b0 Central Arizona Shelter Services: coordinated entry and TI-SPDAT at the youth center\par
Crisis Nursery: (short tem 0-12 yrs age) 602-273-7364 24th st and Van buren\b\par
\ul\b0 St. Mary\rquote s Food Bank:\ulnone\b  \b0 provides hot/cold meals each day at the Youth Center\b\par
\ul\b0 Halle Women\rquote s Center:\ulnone\b  \b0 2 beds on hold for youth being trafficked\par
Bloom 365: domestic/sexual violence advocacy services\par
\par
\par
\b Phoenix Rescue Mission Changing Lives Center:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://phoenixrescuemission.org/solutions/changing-lives-center/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://phoenixrescuemission.org/solutions/changing-lives-center/}}}\f0\fs22  338 N 15th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-688-6211\par
\ul Housing:\ulnone  12 to 18 month program, houses and provides for up to 200 women and children. \par
Services: holistic, multi-phase vocational and residential programs, addiction recovery programs, employment support and transition, faith-based.\par
\b\par
\par
Sojourner Center:\b0  Sojournercenter.org 2330 E. Fillmore St. Phoenix, AZ 85006, heritagesd@sojournercenter.org, 602-253-9180\par
Services: domestic violence services, human trafficking awareness, SAFE Action Project, human and social services. comprehensive childcare, case managers, education programs. \par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : up to 120 days w/ 24/hour staff, no address found\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : up to 2 years of supportive services through 32 transitional living apartments, no address found\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.safeactionproject.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.safeactionproject.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Child Development Center (CDC): children under five residing in the shelter receive comprehensive care, and early learning opportunities. Pet therapy.\par
Lost Our Home Pet Rescue: rescues abandoned pets, takes in pets caught up in domestic violence, enables families in crisis to keep their pets Pet therapy program, allowing all shelter residents to receive the therapeutic benefits of pet therapy; programs for residents to teach responsible pet care and employment.\par
Domestic Violence Legal Assistance: individualized support from domestic violence advocate and referrals, orders of protection, divorce, parental time (custody), address confidentiality, \par
Order of Protection Center: 101 W. Jefferson, 1st Floor \endash  Phoenix Superior Court\par
Order of Protection Center: 222 E. Javelina, 1st Floor \endash  Mesa Superior Court\par
Advocate Hours Monday through Friday, 8:00AM to 5:00PM\par
Contacts: Rasheed Afiune: rafiune@sojournercenter.org, Jenna Cano: jcano@sojournercenter.org, Amy Marmol: amarmol@sojournercenter.org\par
\par
\par
\b Tumbleweed Center for Youth Development: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/}}}\f0\fs22  3707 N 7th St #305, Phoenix, AZ 85014, 888-816-4702, 406-259-2558 \b\par
\b0\i Tumbleweed\b  \b0 is a group of youth shelters. Each shelter is designed for age group or situation. It appears these are street kids or kids at risk.\par
\i0 Services: shelter, housing, skill learning, general services, documentation help, crisis prevention, short-term counseling, basic needs, foster-care independence, and a career center.\i\par
\ul\i0 SHELTER\ulnone\par
Tumbleweed Drop In Center: (general to age 20) - 505 N. 24th St. Phoenix, AZ, 602-841-6799\par
\ul HOUSING\ulnone\par
Tumbleweed Boys House: (ages 13 - 18 court referral) 602-271-0110\par
Tumbleweed Casa De Suenos: (boys 16-18) 602-841-5799\par
Tumbleweed Green House: (LGBTQ ages 18-24) 602-271-9904\par
Intake: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/wp-content/uploads/HopeLink-App-Packet.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/wp-content/uploads/HopeLink-App-Packet.pdf}}}\f0\fs22\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/get-involved/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.tumbleweedprogram.org/get-involved/volunteer/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\b0\fs32 Men's Resources: \par
\b\fs22\par
Andre House:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andrehouse.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://andrehouse.org/}}}\f0\fs22  213 S. 11th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-255-0580\par
\ul Services and Housing:\ulnone  6 guests in community clean and sober, offers help w/ finding stable employment, and permanent housing. \par
\i Men's Transitional Housing: \i0 1203 W. Polk Street. Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-255-0580\par
Intake: 602-252-9023 for interview\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andrehouse.org/volunteer-information/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://andrehouse.org/volunteer-information/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Church on the Street (COTS): \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cotsphoenix.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.cotsphoenix.org/}}}\f0\fs22  3210 NW Grand AvePhoenix, AZ 85017, mail@cotsphoenix.com, 602-257-8918\b\par
\b0 Rigorous \i Boot Camp Style Ministry \i0 performing outreaches every week. Offers housing in the \b Phoenix Dream Center \b0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22 )\par
\ul Housing\ulnone  provided through different programs: \i Men's Mission, Discipleship, Green Berets. \i0\par
\b Church On The Street-Mens Mission, 4006 W Van Buren St, Phoenix, AZ 85009\b0\i\par
\i0 Intake: (602) 447-0259\i\par
Men's Mission is a temporary shelter with basic provisions. After a \b ten-day stay\b0 , some transfer to the working men's program at that same location, others apply for discipleship program, or are assisted in finding permanent housing.\i0\par
\b COTS TUCSON\b0 : 1402 S. Tyndall Ave., Tucson, AZ 85713 (corner of 24th and Tyndall) \par
Men's Mission:  520-409-2440\par
Men's Discipleship Home:\b  \b0 421 E. Kelso St., Tucson, AZ 85705, 520-441-0008\par
\i Discipleship\i0  has 3 phases; phase 1 is \i six months\i0  of Christian boot-camp training, phase 2 is six months of Christian skill/life and employment preparation, and phase 3 is a dedicated year-long Christian personal ministry/outreach track. \par
*Intakes are every day between 3:00PM  to 5:00PM. Call ahead to discuss with a staff member if you meet our requirements. Beds are first come, first serve; we do not reserve beds\par
\i Green Berets\i0  is a rigorous, advanced discipleship and outreach leadership program.\fs32\par
\b\fs22\par
\par
East Valley Men\rquote s Center \b0 (EVMC): 2345 N. Country Club Drive, 480-610-6722\par
\i During their stay, all residents must work full time and save 85% of their income. Community rules and staffing.\i0\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : up to 76 homeless men who make the commitment to become self-sufficient and move back into the community. 18 transitional housing beds. Newly renovated.\par
Services: food, shelter and basic needs, case management focused on permanent housing solutions, work assistance, life skills classes and financial coaching. \par
\b\par
\par
House Of Refuge Sunnyslope: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://refugesunnyslope.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://refugesunnyslope.com/}}}\f0\fs22  9844 N 7th Street, Phoenix AZ 85020, 602-678-0223\par
Services: hot meal every night, clothing, bedding, towels, and toiletries, up to 2 years stay, \par
weekly fees are collected, residents complete maintenance chores, attend Bible study (3 x week), must be clean, sober, no violent/sex crime history and employed.\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : 9835 N. 7th St. Phoenix, AZ 85020\par
Phase I \endash  live in a six bed dormitory at the main facility.\par
Phase II \endash  after 30 days, residents may move to one of five 2-man rooms at the main facility.\par
Phase III \endash  with successful life skills, men qualify to move a house in the neighborhood. \par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://refugesunnyslope.com/work-with-our-women-and-children/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://refugesunnyslope.com/work-with-our-women-and-children/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Phoenix Rescue Mission Men's Shelter: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.phoenixrescuemission.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.phoenixrescuemission.org}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 1801 South 35th Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85009, 602-233-3000\par
Services: provides food (three meals a day), chapel, and recovery services to homeless men and working poor.\par
\ul Shelter\ulnone : 180 beds with access to showers, clean clothing, chapel service, and counseling.\par
\par
\par
\b Respite Shelter for Homeless Men:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://respiteshelter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://respiteshelter.org/}}}\f0\fs22  7000 N Central Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85020, respiteshelter@yahoo.com, 602-870-4353\par
Services: supportive services to homeless men after they have been discharged from a health care facility and need a place to heal. \par
\ul Housing\ulnone : The Respite SHELTER is a nine-bed 24 hour emergency shelter for homeless men who are being released from the hospital following injury, accident or illness.\par
Intake: Must be referred only from health care workers throughout Maricopa County.\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://respiteshelter.org/volunteers/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://respiteshelter.org/volunteers/}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Veterans, Seniors, and Disabled Shelters, Housing, Resources: \par
\b\fs22\par
Homeless Call Center:\par
\b0 1-877-4AID-VET (1-877-424-3838)\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.veteranscrisisline.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.veteranscrisisline.net}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0\par
\par
\b Desert Mission Living Well \b0 (Honor Health): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.desertmission.com/programs/neighborhood-renewal/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.desertmission.com/programs/neighborhood-renewal/}}}\f0\fs22  9229 N. 4th St. Phoenix, AZ, 85020, 602-331-5833\par
\par
Services: financial education, budgeting, opening bank accounts/establishing credit, job readiness, employment support, career advancement\par
Minor Home Repair: helps outfit homes with necessary equipment to ensure that elderly individuals or those with disabilities can live and function safely in their homes. Includes installing homes w/ grab bars, wheelchair ramps and security items.\par
Hours: Monday, Tuesday and Thursday 8:30AM to 4:00PM, Wednesday 8:30AM to 5:30PM, Friday 8:30AM to 2:30PM \par
\ul Volunteer\ulnone : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.desertmission.com/volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.desertmission.com/volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Gift of Mary: \b0 1406 S 17th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-254-8424\par
\ul Shelter:\ulnone  emergency shelter for senior men 50+\par
Intake: 602-254-8424\par
\par
\par
\b Justa Center \b0 (United Methodist Church): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.justacenter.org/our-services"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.justacenter.org/our-services}}}\f0\fs22  1001 W Jefferson St., Phoenix, AZ 85007, info@justacenter.org, 602-254-6524\par
Services: for Seniors 55+ - daily, mid-morning meal, social security programs, veteran's support, DES programs, Medicare/Medicaid, showers, laundry, rental lockers, crisis support, clothing for employment, move-in kits, identity and legal support, computers, phones, and mail forwarding/receiving.\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : help with finding housing to support a senior's needs including family independent living, assisited living, disability, and other supportive or community housing.\par
\ul\b Medical\ulnone :\b0  on-site nurse Monday through Thursday 7:00AM to 3:00PM\par
\b\par
\par
La Mesita Apartments:\b0  245 West Ella Street, Building A, Mesa, AZ 85201 480-969-4024\b\par
\b0 Must call intake.\b\par
\ul\b0 Housing\ulnone : two 1,250 square-foot units to accommodate larger families and/or residents with disabilities. 30 families live at La Mesita in their individual efficiency apartments. Receiving up to 4 months of emergency shelter, services, and staff help. Cost is $56 per night.\par
Services: Personal Investment Center, after school and Summer program (LMASP) offers entirely free child care, kindergarten through 8th Grade, expande resources.\par
\par
\b\par
Mana House\b0  (Catholic Charities: Marines, Army, Navy, Airforce): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.manahouseaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.manahouseaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  2422 W. Holly St. Phoenix, AZ 85009 or 755 E. Willetta St. Phoenix, AZ 85006, 602-254-6785\par
MUST GO THROUGH CRRC CLEARING HOUSE FOR ACCESS TO MANA RESOURCES\par
\i 1. Please obtain a homeless verification letter and a tuberculosis test.\par
2. Once you accomplish this, you must fill out a MANA House application either at our Veterans Outreach Center or the MANA House.\par
3. We then schedule a face-to-face interview with you. This process allows you to discover if MANA House is a good fit for you and if you are a good fit for MANA House.\par
4. If you are accepted into the transitional life program, an assigned action plan advisor with sit with you to build a blueprint for self-sufficiency.\b\i0\par
\b0 Provides a "\b Veteran Resource Center"\b0  to assist veterans w/ housing, employment, educational programs (GED, vocational), volunteer opportunities, VA hospital transportation, bus passes, laundry, showers, kitchen/dining, and computer access (tuesdays). Help enroll veterans at the VA hospital, open VA claims and benefits upgrades, DD-214 and discharge upgrades, and assist w/ social security and DES needs. Outreach several times a month.\par
 \par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://catholiccharitiesphoenix.volunteerhub.com/events/index"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://catholiccharitiesphoenix.volunteerhub.com/events/index}}}\f0\fs22\par
\fs32\par
\b\fs22 MANA Outreach Center \b0 (Catholic Charities): 1125 W. Jackson Street, Classroom B Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-254-6785\par
Open Monday through Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM\par
Services: computer/wi-fi access, coffe/water, rest area, hygene kits, local and long distance phone, metro and light rail passes, VA hospital transport\par
\par
\par
\b Mesa - Resurrection Street Ministries:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.rsmaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.rsmaz.org}}}\f0\fs22  1135 E Main St, Mesa, AZ 85224, 480-615-2799 (S.T.U.F.F. Thrift Store) 480-649-1288\par
Services: rides for veterans (to medical appointments, etc.) \par
\ul Ride Scheduling\ulnone : Dan 480-307-0834, Dale (ret. Marine) 602-316-4946, Bill (Vietnam disabled veteran) 480-242-1813\par
\par
\par
\b Ozanam Manor \b0 (St. Vincent De Paul): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/ozanam-manor"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/ozanam-manor}}}\f0\fs22  320 W. Watkins Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85003, bozanam@svdpaz.org, 602-850-6900\par
\i Bridge/transitional housing for homeless men and women age 50 and above; along with physically or mentally disabled adults age 18 and above. \i0\par
Services: aims towards permanent housing through case managers, mentors and classes. Group activities for skill and living enhancement.\par
Intake Screening: 602-850-6900\par
Veterans call 602-393-9930 for HCHV (CRRC) referalls.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/ozanam-manor/faq"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/ozanam-manor/faq}}}\f0\fs22\par
\ul Housing\ulnone : Furnished dormitories w/ meals and laundry, single-sex w/ 10PM check-in, 5AM check-out times. HUD 30% income towards rent, no income required to apply.\par
\par
\par
\b Phoenix Dream Center:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/veteransassistance"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.phxdreamcenter.org/veteransassistance}}}\f0\fs22  3210 NW Grand Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85018, 602-346-8700\par
Weekly Veteran Outreach: serving food and info for community awareness.\b\par
\b0 Veteran Support: interview clothing, bus passes, and employment placement with reserved openings specifically to veterans that are residents of the PDC. \i Boot-camp style ministry.\par
\i0 Intake: 602-346-8700\par
Volunteer: volunteer@phxdreamcenter.org,\par
 \par
\par
\b VA Health Care/Assistance \b0 (CRRC): Project H3 Vets \b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.phoenix.va.gov/services/Homeless_Program.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.phoenix.va.gov/services/Homeless_Program.asp}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 1500 E Thomas Rd #106 (back entrance), 602-248-6040\par
Services:\b  \b0 clothing and hygene, healthcare and housing assistance, employment services, substance abuse services.\par
Hours:\b  \b0 Monday through Friday 7:30AM to 4:30PM\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://azceh.wildapricot.org/project-h3-vets"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://azceh.wildapricot.org/project-h3-vets}}}\f0\fs22\par
National Homeless Call Center: 877-424-3838\par
\par
\par
\b Veterans on Patrol: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/pg/ProvidenceFreedom4400"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/pg/ProvidenceFreedom4400}}}\f0\fs22  \b0 #AlphaBase across the ramp - West 202 on McKellips, Mesa, AZ, 520-500-4506\par
Contacts: \par
Tim - 602-768-5955\par
Dante Zanone - 480-220-8676\par
Joseph Osuch - 602-697-8306\par
Valarie Finn - 602-672-0073\par
Art - 623-229-3489\par
Jeff West - 480 839 2229\par
Services: finds homeless veterans, offering humanitarian aid, offers supplies and home-cooked meals. Will relocate willing veterans to #BravoBase in Tucson, the VOP main Shelter. Pathways to housing are offered. Home cooked meals are brought in along with humanitarian supplies.\par
\par
\par
\b Victory Place:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.veteranownedbusiness.com/business/16327/victory-place-phoenix"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.veteranownedbusiness.com/business/16327/victory-place-phoenix}}}\f0\fs22  804 E. Jones Ave. Phoenix AZ, 85040, 602-305-8585 \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mfrg-icon.com/project/victory-place-iii/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://mfrg-icon.com/project/victory-place-iii/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\i The veterans are provided meals by the hospital and also receive counseling services at the hospital but live at Victory Place.\i0\par
\ul Services and Housing\ulnone : lodging for homeless veterans. 77-bed facility, provides outreach and assessment, residential and non-residential employment services, long-term transitional housing and sobriety support groups.\par
Intake: 602-292-6278\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Pregnancy and Parenting Resources:\fs22\par
\par
\b Pregnancy Resources Search:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://helpinyourarea.com/arizona/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://helpinyourarea.com/arizona/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Arizona Postpartum Wellness Coalition: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.azpostpartum.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.azpostpartum.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
1\_888\_434\_6667 (warmline)\par
1\_888\_434\_MOMS\par
\i Peer support, resources and education for new mothers who are feeling weepy, exhausted, overwhelmed, frustrated, sad, angry, worried. Find support groups in your area.\i0\par
\par
\par
\b AZ Women, Infants, and Children \b0 (WIC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.azdhs.gov/azwic"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.azdhs.gov/azwic}}}\f0\fs22  150 N. 18th Ave. Ste. 310, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 800\_252\_5942\par
Services: provides food, breastfeeding education, and information on healthy diet to women who are pregnant, infants, and children under 5 years old. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.azbnp.gov/Pages/default.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.azbnp.gov/Pages/default.aspx}}}\f0\fs22\par
WIC LOCATIONS: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.clinicsearch"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.clinicsearch}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b New Life Pregnancy Center: \b0 1779 N. Alvernon Way Tucson, AZ 85712, 800-678-0648.\b\par
\b0 Services: items, pregnancy tests, ultrasounds, classes, post-abortion\par
\i Mesa Pregnancy Center (Casa de Amor): \i0 819 S MacDonald, Mesa, AZ 85210, 602-726-2307\i\par
Tempe Pregnancy Center (CrosspoinTempe Church):\i0  1001 E Southern Ave, Tempe, AZ 85282, 480-838-9071\par
\i Phoenix Pregnancy Center (Arizona Baptist Children's Ministries):\i0  2632 W Augusta Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85051, 602-346-2300\par
\i Phoenix Pregnancy Center (First Southern Baptist Church):\i0  3100 W Camelback Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85017, 602-515-3526\par
\i South Phoenix Pregnancy Center (Rio Vista Center):\i0  1431 E. Southern Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85040 . 602-243-1614\par
\i Tucson Pregnancy Center:\i0  1779 N Alvernon Way, Tucson, AZ 85712, 520-795-7541\par
Yuma Pregnancy Center: 2363 S. Kennedy Ln. Yuma, AZ 85365, 928-726-5568\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.abcs.org/nlpc/help/volunteer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.abcs.org/nlpc/help/volunteer}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b Diaper Bank of Central AZ: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diaperbankaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.diaperbankaz.org}}}\f0\fs22  602-759-5499 \par
\ul Locations\ulnone :\par
\i Hope Women\rquote s Center: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.hopewomenscenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.hopewomenscenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Phoenix:  1640 E. McDowell Road, Phoenix, AZ 85006, 602-715-0999\par
Apache Junction:  252 N. Ironwood Drive, Apache Junction 85120, 480-983-4673\par
Coolidge:  850 N. California Street, Coolidge AZ 85128, 520-723-8888\par
\i Alleluia Lutheran Church Diaper Closet: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.alleluiachurch.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.alleluiachurch.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
8444 W. Encanto Blvd, Phoenix 85037, 623-849-4327\par
\i AZCEND (formerly Chandler Christian Community Center): \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.chandlerfoodbank.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.chandlerfoodbank.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
345 S. California Street, Chandler AZ 85225, 480-963-1423\par
\i Christ Cares: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.christcaresministriesphx.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.christcaresministriesphx.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
*Only open on Monday 4:30PM to 7:30PM and Wednesday 9:00AM to 11:00AM\par
4018 N. 40th Street, Phoenix AZ 85018, 602-955-4830 x 1005\par
\i Christian Faith Fellowship Ministry: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.fansacrossamerica.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.fansacrossamerica.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
34821 W. Broadway, Tonopah AZ 85354, 623-383-3760\par
\i FANS Across America Charitable Foundation:\i0\par
78 W. Ray Road, Chandler AZ 85225 480-527-5787\par
\i Harvest Compassion Center: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.harvestcompassioncenter.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.harvestcompassioncenter.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
4744 E. Thunderbird Road, Suite 9, Phoenix AZ 85032, 602-788-2444\par
\i Helping Hands Loving Hearts (First Baptist Church of Maricopa): \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.fbcmaricopa.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.fbcmaricopa.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
18705 N John Wayne Pkwy, Maricopa AZ 85139, 520-568-2272\par
\i The House of Timothy\i0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.houseoftimothy.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.houseoftimothy.org}}}\f0\fs22\par
3664 E. Amarillo Way, San Tan Valley AZ 85140, 480-633-5673\par
\i Joseph's Storehouse: \i0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.greaterhopecc.org/josephs-storehouse.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.greaterhopecc.org/josephs-storehouse.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
13002 N. 33rd Ave, Phoenix AZ 85029, 602-888-4670\par
\i Teen Outreach Pregnancy Services (TOPS):\i0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.teenoutreachaz.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.teenoutreachaz.org}}}\f0\fs22  \par
For pregnant youth under the age of 22.\par
Glendale: 6610 N. 47th Ave Suite 12, Glendale AZ 85301, 623-334-1501\par
Mesa: 142 N. Date, Mesa AZ 85204, 480-668-8800\par
Globe: 141 N. Hill Street, Globe AZ 85501, 928-275-0494\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 WIC \b0 (Women, Infants, Children):\fs22  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.maricopa.gov/1491/Women-Infants-Children-WIC"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.maricopa.gov/1491/Women-Infants-Children-WIC}}}\f0\fs22  3003 W Thomas Rd. #9 Phoenix, AZ, 602-242-3663\par
Services: breastfeeding support, healthy foods, referrals, nutritional services\par
\ul Requirements\ulnone : \par
\i Form of ID\i0  - photo ID (driver's license, state ID), birth certificate, or immunization record\par
\i Proof of address \i0 - like a driver's license, state ID, or utility bill\par
\i Proof of income \i0 - last 30 days of pay stubs or AHCCCS, SNAP, TANF, Section 8 housing letter.\par
Each family member applying for WIC must be presen\par
\ul Locations/Hours\ulnone : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/wic-appointment"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://bit.ly/wic-appointment}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\i Mesa WIC: \i0 635 E. Broadway Rd. Mesa, AZ 85204,  602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Tuesday 8:00AM to 5:00PM\par
\i Chandler WIC: \i0 3002 N. Arizona Ave, Suite 13, Chandler, AZ 85225, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Tuesday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Wednesday 7:30 AM to 6:30 PM, Thursday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Friday 7:30AM to 1:00PM\par
\i 48th St. WIC:\i0  2737 W. Southern Ave, Suite 10 Tempe, AZ 85282, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Tuesday 10:00AM to 6:30PM, Wednesday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Thursday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Friday 7:30AM to 4:00PM\par
\i King WIC:\i0  4615 S. 22nd St. Phoenix, AZ 85040, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Tuesday 7:30 AM to 4:00PM, Wednesday 7:30AM to 4:00PM,\par
Thursday 7:30AM to 4:00PM, Friday 7:30AM to 4:00PM\par
\i Downtown WIC:\i0  1645 E. Roosevelt StPhoenix, AZ 85007, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Tuesday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Wednesday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Thursday 8:00AM to 5:00PM, Friday 8:00AM to 12:30PM\par
\i St. Mary's WIC:\i0  3003 W. Thomas Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85017, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Tuesday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Wednesday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Thursday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Friday 8:00AM to 2:00PM\par
\i Golden Gate WIC:\i0  1625 N. 39th AvePhoenix, AZ 85009602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Tuesday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Wednesday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Thursday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Friday8:00AM to 2:00PM\par
\i Sunnyslope WIC: \i0 8828 N. Central Ave, Suite 100 Phoenix, AZ 85020, 602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Tuesday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Wednesday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Thursday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Friday 8:00AM to 2:00PM\par
\i Baywood WIC (Mesa):\i0  6641 E. Baywood Ave Mesa, AZ 85206 602-506-9333\par
Monday 8:00AM to 6:30PM, Tuesday 7:30AM to 6:00PM, Wednesday 7:30AM to 6:00PM, Thursday 7:30AM to 6:00PM\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Medical and Assistance Resources\par
\b\fs22\par
Carrington College Dental Clinic: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://carrington.edu/schools/mesa-arizona/dental-hygiene-clinic/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://carrington.edu/schools/mesa-arizona/dental-hygiene-clinic/}}}\f0\fs22  1300 S. Country Club Dr. Mesa, AZ 85210, 480\_717\_3510 \b\par
\ul\b0 Services:\ulnone\b  \b0 offering free dental care to children ages 12\_17, X\_rays, cleaning and polishing.\par
Hours: Monday 5:00PM to 8:30PM, Tuesday 8:00 to 9:00PM, Wednesday 1:00PM to 5:00PM, Thursday and Friday, 8:00AM to 5:00PM\b\par
\par
\par
Chandler Care Center: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.chandlercarecenter.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.chandlercarecenter.com}}}\b\f0\fs22  \b0 777 E. Galveston Rd. Chandler, AZ 85225, 480\_812\_7900\par
Services: provides free medical, dental, counseling and social services for children and families through the Chandler Unified School District.\b\par
\b0 Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.mychandlerschools.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.mychandlerschools.org}}}\f0\fs22  to see calendar of events. \b\par
\par
\par
Circle the City:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.circlethecity.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.circlethecity.org/}}}\f0\fs22  300 W. Clarendon Avenue Suite 200, Phoenix, AZ 85013, info@circlethecity.org, 623-900-2203\par
\ul Downtown Family Health Center (HSC):\ulnone  220 S. 12th Ave. Phoenix, AZ\cf3\par
\cf0\ul Medical Respite Center\ulnone\b :\b0  333 W. Indian School Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85013, 602-776-9000\par
Circle the City provides care for the homeless or imminently homeless, people currently hospitalized or being treated in the ER with no place to go after discharge, or those who will need medical assistance and care after leaving the hospital.\par
\ul The Parsons Family Health Center:\ulnone  3522 N. Third Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85013, 602-776-7676\par
Hours: Monday through Friday, 8:00AM to 5:00PM. Closed lunch (1 hour)\par
The Parsons Family Health Center is for primary care including prenatal checkups, well child visits, behavioral health services, substance abuse therapy, health and wellness groups, and case management. Walk-ins are welcome.\par
\ul Mobile Medical Clinic:\ulnone  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.circlethecity.org/mobile-medical-unit/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.circlethecity.org/mobile-medical-unit/}}}\f0\fs22  (schedule) \par
East Valley Contact: Janne\rquote  Croll - 480-930-0474\par
Central Phoenix Contact: Patsy Rodriguez - 623-900-2204\fs32  \fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Community Bridges Community Psychiatric Emergency Center \b0 (CPEC):\b  \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://communitybridgesaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://communitybridgesaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22  358 E. Javelina Ave. Mesa, AZ 85210, 877\_931\_9142\par
Crisis and Detox: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/crisis-stabilization-medical-detoxification/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/crisis-stabilization-medical-detoxification/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Mental Health Services: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/supportive-services/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://communitybridgesaz.org/programs/supportive-services/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
\par
Connections AZ Urgent Psychiatric Care \b0 (UPC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.connectionsarizona.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.connectionsarizona.com/}}}\f0\fs22  Phoenix Memorial Healthcare Plaza - 1201 S. 7th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602\_416\_7600\par
Services: crisis observation and stabilization, family and support coordination, treatment providers, integrated treatment for co-morbid medical conditions like diabetes and hypertension, involuntary evaluations\par
\par
\par
\b Crisis Response Center \b0 (UPC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.connectionsarizona.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.connectionsarizona.com/}}}\f0\fs22  2802 E. District St. Tucson, AZ 85714, 520-301-228\par
Services: crisis observation and stabilization, family and support coordination, treatment providers, integrated treatment for co-morbid medical conditions like diabetes and hypertension, involuntary evaluations\par
\par
\par
\b Crossroads Mesa Clinic: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://showazgeneral.wixsite.com/showazclinic/crossroads-mesa-clinic"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://showazgeneral.wixsite.com/showazclinic/crossroads-mesa-clinic}}}\f0\fs22  244 N. Extension Rd. Mesa, AZ 85201, showazgeneral@gmail.com\par
\i Student Health Outreach for Wellness (SHOW): \i0 602-496-0837\par
Services: urgent care for acute illnesses and injury, preventative care, psychiatric evaluation and medication, immunizations, specialty care.\par
\par
\par
\b Genesis Project \b0 (Apache Junction): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.genesisprojectaz.com/}}}\f0\fs22  564 N Idaho Rd Suite 5 Apache Junction, AZ 85120, 480-225-7757\par
\i The Genesis Project is a faith-based 501c3 organization seeking to feed, clothe and rehabilitate the homeless of northern Pinal County.\par
\i0 Services: \ul nurse Judi on Mondays 12:00PM to 2:00PM\ulnone , hot meals, outreach, clothing bank. \par
\par
\par
\b Healthcare for the Homeless Clinic \b0 (HSC): 220 S 12th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85007, showazgeneral@gmail.com, 602-372-2100\par
\i Student Health Outreach for Wellness (SHOW):\i0  on weekends {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://showazgeneral.wixsite.com/showazclinic"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://showazgeneral.wixsite.com/showazclinic}}}\f0\fs22  550 N. 3rd St, NHI-2 #204BB Phoenix, AZ 85004, general@showaz.org, 602-496-1951\par
\par
Services: Monday through Friday, (SHOW on weekends). Clinic provides clinical care, specialty services, and outreach. 60 different resources for the homeless population in Phoenix. \par
\par
\par
\b Juntos Por La Salud Mobile Unit:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.juntosporlasaludvds.org/unidades-m%C3%B3viles/en-d%C3%B3nde-est%C3%A1n/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.juntosporlasaludvds.org/unidades-m%C3%B3viles/en-d%C3%B3nde-est%C3%A1n/}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0 Services: espaniol, help w/ finding a clinic, educational, legal, and financial services, HIV tests, BMI, breast examinations, vaccinate, test blood pressure, diabetes services, etc.\par
\b\par
\par
RI International Peoria Recovery Response Center\b0  (RRC): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://riinternational.com/our-services/arizona/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://riinternational.com/our-services/arizona/}}}\f0\fs22  11361 N. 99th Ave. Peoria, AZ 85345, 602\_650\_1212, press 2 \b\par
\b0 Services: crisis help, crisis respite - 602-636-4380\par
\b\par
\par
Street Medicine Phoenix:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.streetmedicinephoenix.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.streetmedicinephoenix.com/}}}\f0\fs22  The University of Arizona\par
Phoenix Biomedical Campus, Health Science Education Building, 435 North 5th St. Phoenix, Arizona 85004, info@streetmedicinephoenix.com\par
\i Student Health Outreach for Wellness (SHOW)\i0\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.streetmedicinephoenix.com/volunteering/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.streetmedicinephoenix.com/volunteering/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b St. Vincent de Paul\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/medical-clinic"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.stvincentdepaul.net/programs/medical-clinic}}}\f0\fs22  420 W. Watkins, Phoenix, AZ 85003, 602\_261\_6868\par
\i Free medical and dental clinic based on need and availability. Medical equipment loan program for low income individuals. $60 dollar extraction, infection and pain relief. By appointment.\i0\par
Services: Monday through Thursday 8:00AM to 4:30PM, Friday 8:00AM to 3:00PM\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Misc:\b\fs22\par
\par
Build Us Hope - Tiny Home Communities:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://buildushope.com/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://buildushope.com/index.html}}}\f0\fs22 , \par
\i Build us H.O.P.E. is designed to be a long-term, permanent community-based housing program that will provide supportive services for individuals as rapidly as possible. Focus: chronically homeless, veterans, disabled, SMI (serious mental illness) sufferers. Affordable amnenities.\par
Housing: low-cost w/ options for ownership, community gardens, farming, meditation area, walking trails, centralization, sustainability, green "footprint". \i0 UNAVAILABLE.\par
\par
.\b\par
\b0\par
\b\fs28 HSC\b0\fs22\par
\b Human Services Campus\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hsc-az.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.hsc-az.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b Brian Garcia Welcome Center: \b0 2065 S. 12th Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85007, 602-226-5111\par
\i Collaboration of faith-based, non-profit, government, private, and community organizations. Founding agencies: Central Arizona Shelter Services, Maricopa County Health Care for the Homeless, St. Joseph the Worker, and St. Vincent de Paul.\i0\par
\par
Partners: Mental and Physical Health: Circle the City, Community Bridges Inc.\par
Employment Assistance:  St. Joseph the Worker\par
Housing assistance: Arizona Department of Housing, Arizona Department of Economic Security, Arizona Behavioral Health Corporation, The Brian Garcia Welcome Center, Substance Use Treatment: AA/NA/CMA, Community Bridges Inc. \par
Government benefits, IDs, & legal assistance:\par
Arizona Department of Economic Security, Homeless ID Project Homeless Court, U.S. Post Office, Veterans Affairs\par
Life Skills and Personal Growth: Maricopa County Adult Probation, The Phoenix Symphony, LDRC Engagement Programs\par
Additional collaborating agencies: Andre House (dinner, showers, laundry), Justa Center (55 and older), UMOM New Day (women's emergency shelter)\par
\par
\pard\sl240\slmult1\i Healthcare for the Homeless:\i0  primary healthcare, mental health services, substance abuse services and case management for homeless men, women, and children.\par
\i Community Bridges (CBI):\i0  provides the following services for our Campus clients, substance abuse and mental health services, housing coordination, community navigation, integration, case management, medical crisis and crisis transition services, PATH outreach and SOAR services.\par
\i\u8203?Lodestar Day Resource Center (LDRC):\i0  holistic programs and workshops, and personal needs services\par
\i Homeless I.D. Project:\i0  replacement identification services including acquiring: Arizona ID\rquote s, AZ driver\rquote s licenses, U.S. birth certificates and document storage.\par
\i The Phoenix Symphony:\i0  B-Sharp Music Wellness, a W.O.N.D.E.R. Project Homeless Initiative which uses music as a catalyst for joy and self-expression for marginalized individuals.\par
\i St. Joseph the Worker:\i0  assists w/ securing and maintaining employment\par
\i St. Vincent de Paul:\i0  daily meal service, an emergency shelter for men and women, ministry, counseling, and referral service for homeless individuals living within downtown Phoenix.\par
\i Human Services Campus U.S. Post Office:\i0  is located in the Welcome Center and is the only Post Office in the U.S. designated for people experiencing homelessness. Offers address for postage, copy, mail, and fax services.\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\par
Happy Tails Service Dogs\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://happytailsservicedogs.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://happytailsservicedogs.com/}}}\f0\fs22  One West Sequoia Dr, Phoenix, AZ 85027, 623-580-0946\par
Service Dog Classes: Arizona resident, recognized physical disability, 2 hours a week + in-home training for 15 months. Must provide care for the dog.\par
Service Dog Requirements: no younger than 12 months and no older than 4 years old, proof of being spayed/neutered, licensed, immunizations, obedience class success, no aggression.\par
\par
\par
\b Helping Hands for Homeless Hounds:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://m.facebook.com/HelpingHandsForHomelessHounds/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://m.facebook.com/HelpingHandsForHomelessHounds/}}}\f0\fs22\par
Contact: Cheryl King Wade\par
\par
\par
\b I Have a Name Project\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ihaveaname.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.ihaveaname.org}}}\f0\fs22  info@ihaveaname.org\par
\i The Project's mission aspires to create greater awareness in the effort to inspire change. Creates awareness of homelessness issues through photography, art, in participation and affiliation with other outreach groups.\i0\par
\par
\par
\b Passionate People 4 Paws:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/Passionate-People-4-Paws-489207707893753/timeline/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/Passionate-People-4-Paws-489207707893753/timeline/}}}\f0\fs22  Contact: Veronica Lee\par
\i Provides emergency services for pets. Not a 501c3. Contact via FB.\i0\par
*EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER\par
\b\par
\par
SARRC\b0  (Southwest Autism Research & Resource Center): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.autismcenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.autismcenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22  2225 N 16th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85006, sarrc@autismcenter.org, 602-340-8717\par
\i Autism-based treatment and community outreach. Provides services for individuals and families with autism. Provides employment services and vocational rehabilitation and skill training for individuals with autism. Some homeless may be autistic therefore may qualify for services.\i0\par
\par
\par
\b Welcome to America Project:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.wtap.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.wtap.org/}}}\f0\fs22  1711 W. University Dr. #158\par
Tempe, AZ 85281, 602-490-0088\par
\i WTAP has grown into a network of volunteers who work with local social service agencies. They help refugee families get started by donating furniture, household goods, and clothing\i0 .\par
\par
Volunteer: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.wtap.org/ways-to-volunteer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.wtap.org/ways-to-volunteer/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32 Homeless Outreach/Foundations:\par
\fs22\par
\b Arizona Housing Coalition:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://azhousingcoalition.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://azhousingcoalition.org/}}}\f0\fs22  141 East Palm Lane, Suite #105, Phoenix, AZ 85004, 602-340-9393\par
\b\par
Atheists Helping the Homeless Phoenix\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/pg/AtheistsHelpingtheHomelessPhoenix/about/?ref=page_interna"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/pg/AtheistsHelpingtheHomelessPhoenix/about/?ref=page_interna}}}\f0\fs22  (Facebook Group) -  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://atheistnexus.org/group/ahh"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://atheistnexus.org/group/ahh}}}\f0\fs22  (Official Site)\par
\i Founded in September of 2009, Atheists Helping the Homeless want to help folks in need and show atheists are good people too. They hand out goods/food at Margaret T. Hance Park on the last Saturday each month. FB group uses "shop now" button to donate items to their cause.\i0\par
\b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/AtheistsHelpingtheHomelessPhoenix/about/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/AtheistsHelpingtheHomelessPhoenix/about/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b0 They do NOT solicit cash donations from the public and are NOT a formal non-profit.\par
\par
\b BHO \b0 (brothers helping others): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.bhophx.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.bhophx.org}}}\f0\fs22 , contact@bhophx.org\par
\i Two brothers (11&12 years old). Give water, socks, hygiene items, and respect to homeless people and dogs with the help of parents.\i0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/brothershelpingothersphx/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/brothershelpingothersphx/?fref=ts}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b Deshazzo Foundation: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/DeShazoFoundation/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/DeShazoFoundation/}}}\f0\fs22  e-mail/paypal donations: tracyannphillips@yahoo.com, 408-420-4812\par
Donation-based foundation run by the Deshazo family, does community outreach regularly.\b\par
\par
Empty Bowl Pet Food Pantry\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emptybowlpetfoodpantry.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.emptybowlpetfoodpantry.org}}}\f0\fs22  610 E. Bell., Ste 2-271, Phoenix, Az. 85022, 602-909-7153\par
Pet food pantry disaster services, distributing free pet through partner agencies. Give pet items to Veterans and Disaster Victims. Open Tuesday and Thursday 10:00AM through 4:00PM\par
*EMERGENCY PET FOOD PROVISION PROVIDER\b\par
\par
Helping the Homeless 1 Mat At a Time: \b0 Contact: Laura McCracken\b\par
\par
Helping The Homeless One Bag at a Time: \b0 onebagatatime.help, 10636 N. Cave Creek Rd. Phoenix, AZ 85020\par
Outreach group: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/HomelessGrabBag/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/HomelessGrabBag/?fref=ts}}}\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
Kathryn's Angels:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/Kathryns-Angels-1449337252038090/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/Kathryns-Angels-1449337252038090/?fref=ts}}}\f0\fs22\par
\i Kathryn's Angels was founded on human kindness, implemented by like minded people who have a heart for serving others and spreading love.\b\i0\par
\par
Monicas Mats for the Homeless:\b0  Rachel's House Dropoff 12336 W. Tami Lane Surprise, AZ 85378\par
Donate plastic bags (grocery store) and Monica/Rachel will convert 500 into a mat for the homeless. They also take toothbrushes, toothpaste, hygenic wipes, small pillows, white socks, wash cloths, soaps, shampoos, water bottles, blankets, gloves, deodorants, chap stick (toiletries)\par
\par
\b ONe TRUe LOVe *Food Truck: \b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.onetruelove.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.onetruelove.org}}}\f0\fs22  5135 N 10th St. #5 Phoenix, Arizona 85014, Contacts: Krysten Aldridge 480-209-4355, Ann Cabano 480-216-6287\par
\i Arizona-local non profit food truck serving equipped to feed the homeless in the Valley.\i0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/ONeTRUeLOVe.Movement/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/ONeTRUeLOVe.Movement/?fref=ts}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\par
Rekindle:\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://reKindle.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://reKindle.org}}}\f0\fs22  21601 N 21st Ave. Phoenix, AZ, chris@rekindle.org, 623-680-9173\par
\i Charity co-founded by 10 year old Kaylee Hooley and her single dad Chris. Mission is to help those less fortunate, and inspire others to do the same!\i0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/reKindleProject/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/reKindleProject/?fref=ts}}}\b\f0\fs22  \par
\par
Scholls Helping Hands:\b0  2133 E Hawken Way, Chandler, Arizona, 602-619-5952\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/Scholls-Helping-Hands-1586533908275300/?fref=ts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.facebook.com/Scholls-Helping-Hands-1586533908275300/?fref=ts}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b Waste Not Want Not\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wastenotaz.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://wastenotaz.org/}}}\f0\fs22   1700 N. Granite Reef Rd., Scottsdale, AZ 85257, info@wastenotaz.org. 480-941-1841\par
Food redistribution organization for restaurants. Not a food bank, does not pick up from private individuals or distribute directly, however may use food from large catered events.\par
}
 